x
The antibiotic may have destroyed bacteria causing my sinus infection.  But it may also have been caused by a virus, so its hard to say.
Lamictal stabilized my serious mood swings. One minute I was clawing up the walls in pure mania, the next curled up in a fetal position on my bed contemplating suicdie. I am no longer at the whim of my moods and neither are those around me. I'm lucky that I started pharmaceuticals almost immediately after I was diagnosed a bipolar. Lamictal gives me amazing clarity to go about my day, honestly assess myself and form real relationships. Lamitcal lifted a fog, I guess you could call it. Now that I'm medicated I realize how cloudy my thought processes used to be. It's a wonderful feeling.





Interestingly, I hardly dreamt before beginning Lamictal. I would dream (I mean dream in the sense of being able to imagine pictures and scenes while asleep, not REM) maybe once every two months. Now I dream every night. I found that the closer I take it to bedtime the more frequent and more intense my dreams.
Initial benefits were comparable to the brand name version of this drug, Depakote.  I had been taking Depakote for several months and experienced great results.  When I went to my psychiatrist for an evaluation and re-fill, he accidently prescribed the generic version, Depakene.  When I discovered the error, I was told by this doctor that I would experience the same results as Depakote.  The positive side effects of the Depakene: balanced mood, improved concentration, improved logical cognition, mental clarity, lessened anxiety and irritability, improved sleep, increase in pleasure about activities
It controlls my mood swings. It helps me think before i act or speak. It controlls amxiety. IT FREED ME TO LIVE MY LIFE HAPPILY!!! I cared about my life more. Everything had more meaning to me. I lived a very dull life before taking prozac.
Within one week of treatment superficial acne lesions were visibly reduced.  Sebum production which had been excessive before beginning was significantly reduced (after course of treatment level increased to a more normal level).  After one month of treatment no new acne lesions occured.  By the end of treatment no new acne developed, and old lesions had healed.
By the end of the 10-day treatment I felt better, but still had major congestion, green/yellow mucus and was coughing up mucus.  The symptoms were milder than before I started the treatment but definitely not gone.
reduction in seizures reduction in seizures reduction in seizures didn't have lots of seizures how many times can I say the same thing I'm sorry but there's not a whole lot to say here I keep repeating the same stuff over and over again to get to fifty words.
Ive been taking Tramadol for 2 weeks now. Ive been taking vicodin and percocuet for 7 months due to Cervial disk degeneration and lower back pain. I have to admit I loved taking Vicodin and percocuet. The problem is that they would knock me out. Tramadol has been awesome. It takes 90% of the pain away and I feel like I actually have energy again. From reading previous comments it sounds like I take a lower dose. Im really happy about that cause if I get use to it then I can up my dose and not feel worried about it.
I immediately stopped having panic attacks.  It really was miraculous, as they were becoming more and more frequent and severe.  On the combination of klonopin and prozac, I have not experienced a panic attack in 10 years. I simply feel "normal", and am able to go through my days without any feelings of extreme nausea or dizziness, which is how my panic attacks manifested themselves.  No longer did I have to leave work early, avoid restaurants and supermarkets, or worry about getting suddenly "sick", for no reason.
the presumed benefits were to help with a severe depression. in the beginning there was some benefit, ie less suicidal, apathetic, morbid, depressed. but the effects were short lived and dose had to be continually increased. the biggest benefit was probably placebo - feeling like i was getting help, hopeful and trusting in the treatment and doctors.
some pain relief recieved minimized pain when touched
Significantly diminished the symptoms and size of the cold sore.  Often, it would halt the development and the redness and swelling would disappear after a day or two, without the sore blistering/weeping/scabbing.  For my body, Valtrex has proven to be far more effective than either Famvir, or Zoviraz.   It is surprising how many people either do not treat cold sores, or are not aware of any new treatments after Zovirax.
Treatment benefits were noticeable but not substantial. I did not respond to 100mg a day as I or the doctor had hoped. But it did allow me to stay focused throughout the day with out drowsiness or fatigue, so I give it a positive review. Treatment effectiveness varies among individuals
Very quick migraine relief with no nausea or drowsiness. Other medications (such as Imitrex and Relpax) had little to no effect, or took a minimum of 1 to 2 hours for relief to begin. 





I really like the dissolving tablet, as I can take it anytime without having to find a water fountain or other beverage. Relief is very quick, generally within 20 to 30 minutes.
The xanax would act as a downer. It would calm me temporaily but could throw me into depression depending on the situation. If the situation was mildly tramatic the xanax would calm me but then follow by depression. The following day I would have residual sedation. The main complain was the addiction. It was not exactly like a craving but if you did not take it your body would feel like something was missing. It did not hurt but until I took it again I felt not quite content and as soon as I would take the pill my body would feel like it would give a sigh of relief. I think it is as much addiction to the mind as to the body.
The benefits were to eventually stop smoking.
to reduce acid production and stop acid reflux, the tablets are easy to swallow and moderately effective, their effectivity is diminished if reflux is already occuring.
Stopped inflammation. Reduced need for pain killers such as tylenol and advil.
Reduction of infection of acute uncomplicated diverticulitis
This medicine stopped post nasal drip, itching throat, eyes, and nose.
the treatment masked the psoriasis and what was considered arthritis
Helped build bone loss. Osteoporsis runs in my family. We are thin. Two of my sisters were diagnosed with osteoporsis in their early 40s. One sister fractured her pelvic bone at 40 from bone loss.
blood sugar controlled levels around 100-110, blood pressure had been normal ever since i was placed on these b/p medications.xanax was the only one that could prevent anxiety and panic attacks and help me sleep. as for fosamax, i have not had a follow up bone density so i do not know how beneficial it is for treating osteoporosis
I have suffered of rapid heart rate for sometime because of my thyroid problem. I was given this medicine to get my heart rate controlled. First few weeks the medicine did not seem to work for me but my doctor increased the dosage to 20mg twice a day, then that was the time I started to feel my heart rate slow down. The medicine is definitely effective but I guess the effect of it depends on the individual as it requres a certain dosage for it to work effectively.
The use of premarin reduced hot flashes and kept my skin looking younger. My skin doesn't look good since discontinuation of prenarin.
Lovenox is given in subsequent pregnancies to women with recurrent miscarriage due to autoimmune issues.  Prior to taking Lovenox, I had two second trimester losses and thanks to Lovenox I was able to carry my two daughters to term.  It allowed my placenta to last the pregnancy without clotting and I was able to successfully have two children.
i was severly depressed for weeks and would just cry all the time. i had tried several other anidepressants and none of them worked. one day my doctor said lets try a new drug called effexor xr. i was started on 75 mg for about 2 months and was still depressed so then i was increased to 150 mg and have been on it since. i an so much happier and my family is also. this medicine has been my life saver and recommend anyone depressed to take this one
more energy and alertness, less fatigue & regular normal period duration. Periods had been irregular, and often very heavy with severe cramps and clotting. Mental attitude improved. I became less tired during the day and required fewer hours of sleep to feel fully rested. Concentration improved and thought process seems much more clear after taking the medicine for about four months.
Increased libido.
The treatmeant benifits are that I showed a slight decrease in wrinkles. I really think that if used with other products it could be better. I also used sunscreen everyday. I really didn't see a difference in the sagging of the skin . I thought it would help with collagen production. I am continuing to use the product. I hope I see a difference.
Initially prescribed 25mg Zoloft for depression , but after two weeks my condition was markedly worse. I realize that each of us have different tolerances to various substances, and after my GP changed the medication to 30mg daily of Cymbalta my condition started to improve, but relapsed after about 3 weeks. The assumption was that I had required the higher dose of 60mg daily, and since taking 60mg daily my condition has improved to be close to my normal happy self with interests in various things. My advice is to find the medication that 'agrees' with you and stick with it for at least 1 month.
Sore throat considerably better
During first 12 months... lowered total cholesterol by 100 points, LDL by 90 points, and triglycerides by 74.11 months after starting medication, angina brought me to the ER. Cardiac catheterization was done and 60% blockage  found. 1 Year after that,more angina, another cath. and no change in blockage was found.
Nothing
The treatment helped the patient focus on her daily tasks and enabled her to 'get going' in the morning.  In turn, the patient was able to exercise daily which also helped her maintain concentration throughout the day.  Daily exercise also helped her maintain her moods at a stable level.
Blood pressure medicine lowered pressure and controled very well. starting bp was 140/100 to now at 115/65 or close to that. Thyroid medicine used after partial thyroidectomy due to benign cyst. Can't tell whether working on not. This is mostly based on acceptable blood levels.
Infection cleared up but the cough did not. The Bronchitis returned and is still present. The Z pack was used on 2 seperate occasions but after the cough mucus was back to a clear color, my physician said I was fine. It is 3 weeks later and I still have Bronchitis and although my coughing is better it certainly is not gone.
stops persistent coughs in 30 days.
The benefits were great. I really liked Symbyax because it didn't give me side effects like the other medication I used to take did. I would wake up in the day feeling refreshed. As I was taking Seroquil for my Schitzophrenia, I would always wake up feeling exhausted and tired;still, even though I would take the medicine during the nights! I used to be stressed and aggravated all the time before Symbyax and Seroquil. Now that I'm on Symbyax, I'm emotionally numb and the voices in my head vanished. So I had a good nights sleep and didn't wake up as tired as Seroquil used to make me. :]
Was able to study 6 hours in a row, pay attention in class rather than daydream, made me want to be perfect and learn everything.
Dramatic loss of weight and inches first week.  Settled into Meridia's Program provided over the Internet (comes with perscription).  Promised myself to follow the rules.  The toughest for me, was not to weigh myself everyday.  Meridia wanted me to check only once a week and I'm glad I refrained.  The thrill of seeing a huge difference each week has kept my knees from complaining.  The strength of Meridia has never lessened.  If I forget to take it, I feel like the bottom of my floor has opened up and I am in free fall.  It really is strange...  When I take it with my vitamins each morning, it gives me a definite feeling of support.  I am loosing 2 lbs each week along with inches.  I'm doing better than what they advertise but that is probably because I have a gym in my home.  I walk 70 miles/mo. and do free weights.  I also love my whey protein porrage in the morning with blueberries, shake for lunch and balanced meal for dinner.  I do eat snacks.  A Starbucks coffee (also made at home), with 1/2 an energy bar... or, an orange.  Responsible eating.  I also understand the dynamics of over eating, being menopausal with depleated hormones.  Meridia has been a life saver for me.  Thanks to my fabulous Doctor, who is also using it.
I was having panic attacks and very high anxiety. Effexor XR helped to reduce the anxiety and eliminate the panic attacks. My depression is much, much better.
lessened the symptoms of my depression after taking the medication for about 2 to 3 weeks time, increased my appetite level, made my sleep more regular (I was either sleeping too much, or too little before taking the medication), increased my energy level
I was able to live, xanax gave me the ability to face life and dissolve my constant fear
cleared up chronic eczema.   Especially effective on elbows and legs.
Was prescribed in hospital to relieve nausea I was suffering, post foraminotomy.
After just three weeks, I felt immensely better and began to enjoy the things that previously I had enjoyed--liked gardening and playing tennis. I also slept soundly. It lifted my mood dramatically, but never made me manic. I also felt more like being with people and noticed that I was no longer so preoccupied with myself or awkwardly self-consciousness. In short, I wasn't depressed and anxious anymore!
I no longer suffered from heartburn and acid reflux.  One pill per day allows me to enjoy eating again and have no adverse effects from any type of food.  At least none that I am aware of.
elevation of mood and clarity of thought.  Progress stalled out at 300 mg, but with increase to 450 mg can tell the difference.  I'm able to finally think and plan ahead and chip away at all the clutter I've not been able to deal with which accumulated while depressed.
I have tried so many anti depressants and always go back to zoloft.. works the best and is least expensive.. $10 a month compared to cymbalta for $400 a month.. It really works for me well.
This drug did not completely eliminate outbreaks. While it may have diminished length and extent of outbreak, still had more than expected. Decided not to take any longer and had better results taking Olive Leaf extract daily
resume ovulation and maintain hormonal balance
All symptoms of sinus infection gone by third day.
Lowered heart rate from 100bpm+ to 65-75bpm and held blood pressure at a near-perfect level. Episodes of extremely high heart rate (200bpm+) suddenly initiating and sustaining for several hours diminished in frequency from at least once every 1-2 weeks to three times over one year.
Got rid of hot flashes but made other things much worse.
Did have elimination of frown lines and crows feet but no one cares about having wrinkles or not when you are paralyzed.  Sadly wrinkles returned in 6 months but large nerves in my legs and and body continue to suffer daily with weakness several years later.   Risks too great for some temporary cosmetic procedure
After suffering a spinal cord injury in 1987 resulting in quadriplegia (C5/C6 complete), I experienced disassociated pain that was concentrated in my right thumb.  The problem got increasingly worse over the following years.  I ended up having to take a lot of ibuprofen and Vicodin, just to relieve the pain announce to allow me to get some work done.  However, the resulting side effects caused me to sleep a lot.  It also lead to depression.  I was finally given a prescription for gabapentin to try out.  It started working almost immediately.  After about two weeks I was rarely having the pain in my thumb anymore.  It doesn't cause me to get sleepy or feel drugged (like the Vicodin) so I have been able to work and concentrate on things once again.  It also seems to have helped with my depression, although that may have more to do with not having to deal with the pain, or the side effects of the pain relievers I was taking before.
Dexedrine as well as effexor, I found for my add works well the first few times, then the efficacy wears


off because of tolerance.





So now I take supplements, and find they work just as well but take 2 months to feel effects.
I can recommend a reputable pharmacy (Aricept) - pill24.org I received the order and it was on time and the pills work great.


P.S. 5% discount coupon code: 9sh73h
This medicine was very effective.  It calms my stomach and I do not feel constant contraction and nervousness in my stomach.
The accutane dried my skin and it was not oily like before I took the drug.  It helped in newly developing acne and cleared up the acne I already had.
reduction in visible tremor, caused by stress and kinetic movement. 100% reduction in headaches during period.
Skin is clear smooth and brite. Best it has looked in years
Allowed client to sleep without itching.
ability to function/interact better especially in public.
reduced bowel inflammation over a long period of time. when flare ups were severe, patient had to increase dose to 40mg daily and the dosage was tappered back to original dosage of 10mg.
Depression was lifted. Anxiety lessened. General feeling of well-being for the first time in my entire life.
The drug helped to lift me out of the worst part of the depression, but it's not a complete cure.
none particularly, i guess my appetite was reduced but after a while thats not a good thing. i only took them for 2 weeks so i didn't give then enough time to kick in and work probably because the side effects were too much to take
none- did not relieve symptoms
I have my life back.  That is the main treatment benefit.





I suffered from impulsive behaviors, probably the most harmful/dangerous of them being binge-eating and bulimia.  Since taking Lamictal at 300mg for 4 months now my eating habits have become completely normal.  I have not purged in 3 months.  This is amazing.  I would binge eat and purge because of anxiety.  Now I feel like a normal person--not obsessed with food, I eat when I am hungry, stop when satiated.  I have lost a LOT of weight (20 pounds in 3 months without dieting/counting calories, etc.)...nothing was wrong with my metabolism, it was the impulsive eating, stealing food from others, throwing it up (which gave me a high--not just to get rid of the calories, but it calmed me...).  I love the Lamictal for this because it's not like some meds that make you lose weight by destroying the appetite.  I am just a normal person now!  





I also quit the Lexapro as it was triggering hypomanic episodes.  The Lamictal is stabilizing my moods--it doesn't numb the depression like the SSRIs I have been on.  I feel things.  I am clear-headed.  But I am able to step back and not be hurt by every look I get from people, I am not paranoid anymore, I can wake up in the morning with energy and I fall asleep within 3 minutes of hitting the pillow.  I get sleepy at 10pm.  I am not hyper and can sit still for more than 2 minutes.  :-)





All good for me.  This is the right medication for me...
i was able to focus and organize my thoughts in a clear and concise manner.  i completed tasks more efficiently and had more patience with my children.
Adderall greatly improved my focus and concentration.  Before my diagnosis of adult ADD, I had a very difficult time focusing and staying on task.  I also experienced "hyper-focusing", which prevented me from getting things done at work in a timely manner.  It has also helped improved my memory.
I had debilitating panic attacks and agoraphobia and Celexa completely saved me, allowed me to go live my life again. I even took a low dose and it still worked amazingly well, though it did take nearly a month to "kick in."
I felt better for the first few days, mood-wise.  But then I got depressed again.  So I guess that's not a benefit.
Strattera helped my son slow down without making him groggy or taking away from his personality.
I've only been on it for a week but I've noticed a change already. I am more awake and it seems as though a fog has been lifted. I am thinking more clearly and don't feel so down.
I am in reasonable good health. I am non-diabetic, Serum Glucose level is normal [Fasting=100, PP=104]. I am a non-smoker since 7th March, 1975 [prior to that I smoked 60 cigarettes a day for17 years].My Blood lipids are within normal limits  [Total Cholesterol=108, HDL=36, LDL=62,VLDL=10.HDL is a bit low [36] but TC:HDL ratio=3.00 and appears to be within favourable range of low risk of "up to 4.5". Kidney function is also within normal range. Liver Function is also normal except SGPT=46. Haemogram is normal. Hb%=15.1. Serum Prostate Specific Antigen=0.75, well within nornal range.
birth control made easy only once a month
The acne has decreased and I have not had major skin irritation or sunburn like I know other acne treatments can cause.
I did not notice much of an increase in milk production, but is difficult to say.  I was nursing and pumping milk at the time, and wanted to increase supply.
reduced total cholesterol by 42 / HDL increased by 5
lowered blood pressure
Lowered blood pressure, regression of LVH.
slight improvement in reduction of my mild acne.  To be honest, the improvement was not even noticeable after two months..
Lowered viral load and increased t cell count. Also a benefit was the once a day dosing.
I had severe coughing fits for more than two weeks. Several varieties of over the counter medications did not seem to help, neither did home remedies. Finally I consulted my physician and she proscribed Amoxicillin. I took it for 10 days, 500 mg tablets three times daily with food. At the end of the treatment period my coughing had subsided and then disappeared completely.
It really helps to stop overeating and to become thinner. Also you're not drink alcohol at all and its become your habit ) Cause M. is not compatible with drinking. You have a lot of energy, do not thinking what to eat, where to eat and etc.. No any narcotic pleasure or panic, I had no any psyho effects at all. Only sleeping less may be.
I felt more flexible and i could sleep better.  Also, I could return to work much faster than expected.
Drug was effective in helping the me the sleep I needed. Did its job flawlessly.
I was plagued with sleeplessness, and the seroquel worked wonders for that. I've noticed a decrease in the speed of my thoughts and can concentrate much better than before.
It made me happier. I did not feel down and hopeless while on the drug.
no longer caught up in constant delusions,able to attend partial hospital program 5 days a week. i maintain my own apartment and live with independence.i socialize with friends and i am no longer in and out of hospital.i look forward to joining the y.m.c.a. and start exercising and also am considering a part time job.
hopefully it got rid of many actinic keratoses permanently, but hard to say.  I think it made my skin look better, though.
I was able to stay successfully fall asleep and stay asleep the entire night.  I typically take 1-2 hours to fall asleep.  This starts to work in 30 minutes and allows me to get a full nights sleep without continuously waking up throughout the night.
Longer life expectancy but wish I had know that my ovaries could be turned off before I started the drug then switched on again afterwards. As it is I went into a early menopuse with very, very,  severe side effects.Please get your Doctor to talk about ALL the possible side effects of menopause, including sexual.
The benefits were to reduce my cholesterol
Doctor prescribed Acyclovir for cold sores and said it would reduce duration of cold sores. In fact, it has completely eliminated flare ups for over 5 years. Before I started taking it, I would get a cold sore once or twice a year. It is very important to have a dose available at all times, because it is crucial to start taking it at the first sign of tingling. The effectiveness of this drug has far exceeded my expectations.
The drug was used for removal of harmful stomach bacteria; it was a strong course of drugs but effective.
I get very bad panic attacks and completely break down no matter where I am. I decided that I couldn't let it control my life anymore, so I talked to my doctor and he prescribed me clonazepam. This drug is very dependable and works fast. Whenever I feel anxiety coming on I will take 1 or 2 pills and I'm fine.
Completely eliminated my acne while I was on the drug, however acne did return once I stopped, though not as bad.
Although it did not completely rid me of my migraine it helped to dull the pain. I was actually able to go to work with a migraine instead to taking a day off to just lie still.
treated pain due to an open wound from abdominal surgery
Achieved and maintained long term sobriety. No longer was exposed to the dangers of active asddiction. Began leading a healthy and productive lifestyle. Overall health improved. Mental health improved and stabilized.
Advair keeps my asthma completely in control if I am faithful to take the required dosage each day.  I have taken fluticasone before, but it seems to be the addition of salmeterol that is the key for keeping my asthma under control.
None yet
In one year, I only had two periods. My periods before Depo were 2-3 days and very light, on Depo they were longer and heavier. It is so convenient not having to remember to take a pill everyday at the same day. It was also 100% effective with preventing pregnancy for me.
The Ortho Tri-Cyclen provided effective birth control, and it also did cause my mentstrual cylcle to be more regular. My periods were less heavy, and I did not have such severe menstrual cramping each month while I was taking the pills. There are no other benefits to taking the pill that I am aware of.
almost 100% elimination of allergy symptoms
Decreased crying and depression.  Decreased anxiety.  Got rid of insomnia.
I thought the benefits would be one period every 3 months, pregnancy prevention, regulated periods. I also read that they would be lighter and shorter and help with acne. WRONG!
Initially diagnosed with GERD 13 years ago, I was miserable with C/O heartburn and an uncomfortable epigastric "feeling" After EGD I was diagnosed with a hiatal hernia and gerd. Started on Prilosec and cut back on caffeine and quite smoking. I have not experienced any symptoms since that time.
Before treatment I could not breathe sufficiently to move about. After taking the medication for approximately three days the symptons began to subside and I was albe to function again. All told it took approximately one week before I could return to normal activities.
Bringing heart rate down from dangerous and very painful levels to comfortable levels. This was generally achieved within half an hour and lasted for many hours (i.e. until the spisode had passed - so no repeat dose usually required).
controlled loose stool and fluid loss due to chemo; nausea control; control of mouth thrush, sores.  The Bentil in particular worked much better than immodium for diarhea control and fluid retention.  It also stopped colon muscle spasm.
Birth control
I can't really say that the benefits were incredibly impressive. The topical treatment was used along side of an antibiotic for a series of weeks.(4-6) The acne condition improved, but never completely. Eventually, after a couple more scattered, severe breakouts in the following years; the acne went away.
The benefits were amazing.  After 3 days, I felt good.  I didnot want to stay home and not see anybody.
reduced the fatigue, swelling and pain associated with RA
in theory, my bones should have gotten stronger, as measured by the bone scan done at my gynecologist office once every 18 months
Initial signs of infection appeared to be treated effectively.
I was unable to go up and down steps without acute pain and unable to stand long or walk for too long without pain becoming unbearable.  I took my first dose of 100 mg  at bedtime and woke up in morning feeling almost like a new person.Tremendous reduction in pain and spasms of leg with greater range of motion.   After a day or two i had to increase the dosage as the knee started to stiffen up again making walking and steps difficult.
Alprazolam worked wonders for me I wish I had gotten prescribed a long time ago, works very well for anxiety and panic.
Methadone certainly took care of the back pain I was experiencing. It was better than the other pain meds I tried (vicodin, oxycontin, percocet). The methadone doesn't make me drowsy nor does it give me "buzz".
None that I could see. Made me very sick and weak.
I feel the treatment was very helpful in keeping my skin clear looking,and i think somewhat tighter,  it also  gave my face a healthy color and appearance ,it was less dull the way aging skin can become. I also think it did keep some lines at bay.it gave me a much improved appearance,i have been using renova for a few years and I will continue to use this cream for a long time to come.
Helped me to feel better.  Lessened anxiety, panic attacks, tension, emotional exhaustion.  I was able to tolerate being around people better because talking did not seem so loud. Once I was used to the drug, it helped me get out of bed and function in day to day life better (falling asleep & getting out of bed was a serious struggle).  Eventually with the combined therapy, I pretty much now feel like myself again, just with less energy reserve and ability to have discipline with my routine.  (For instance, I can't get up early, during the 5am, 6am hours and get to work on time like I use to.  In fact I'm late for everything now which is out of my character) Can' tolerate multiple loads of stress with calmness and collectivity like I use to.  Otherwise day to day life is manageble as long as I obey my bodies new limitations.


I didn't gain weight or increase in appetite.  I struggled with appetite actually and at times had to force myself to eat.
The benefits of tamoxifen have been to be cancer free 2 years after my diagnosis. Hopefully this "clean bill of health" will continue as I begin year 3 of tamoxifen in my 5 year plan. The benefits of effexor help balance the mood swings caused by a lowered amount of estrogen in my body. Tamoxifen does its job by keeping the estrogen blocked in my body so any abnormal cells can't feed on the estrogen. My cancer was highly estrogen-positive. Lowered estrogen causes depression and mood swings. Effexor helps to alleviate these symptoms along with my exercise regime and healthy eating habits.
I had terrible itching, watery eyes, and sneezing from seasonal allergies.  This medication did not completely elimiate my symptoms, but is reduced them to a tolerable level without making me too tired or doped up to function at work.
I lived in a constant state of panic (shortness of breath, rapid heart rate, flushed feeling), and this medication completely erased all these symptoms.  I can now think clearly and make rational decisions.  I chose to stay on this very low dose and take an Ativan on the rare occasion a panic attack breaks through.
A slight reduction in pain. I am diabetic and was warned that it would raise my blood sugars, but it significantly reduced the night sugars.
helps with ibs-c
The medication took almost thirty minutes to kick in.  Once the medication started to take affect, I began to develop a tingling sensation in my left hand and later my right hand.  I also noticed my hands were very shaky after the medication was in my system for at least an hour.
My skin was much smoother and the pore size seemed to shrink.  Wrinkles were dimininshed and age spots lightened.
The medication eliminated the nausea/stomach upset. Added benefit was weight loss because I could stop using food to settle my stomach.
Should complete decolonization of MRSA and hopefully ensure that infection does not reoccur.
My depression has lifted and I am able to concentrate more than I was previuosly
None
At least I tested it to see if i had Rhemutoid arth. before going through extensive testing.(I still have tto have test, but the doctor felt this might let us know which path to follow)
There were no benefits.
lower cholesterol
It stopped my Multiple Sclerosis progression.  I still take it.  There are a lot of MS patients  who are using it now.  It really works and is a very safe inexpensive drug.
About 14 years ago I started hyperventilating for no apparent reason.  I would wake up in the morning and within an hour I felt like I had to struggle to breath.  This would continue all day, every day.  After 5 years, I was prescribed alprazolam (the generic Xanax).  It worked almost immediately.  I still have some days that are worse than others, but it has been a lifesaver for me.  I take one when I get up and then 2 or 3 times again during the day as needed.  It stops the hyperventilating totally for the most part.
The Trental reduced my viral load, increased my sex drive from none to moderate and the side effects were just some stomach upset, which was fixed by reducing my dose to twice a day.
None
I do not feel there were any benefits from this treatment - only side effects.


Weaning off the the drug was extremely difficult.
I was diagnosed with Bipolar II disorder in February of 2009. I found that my manic states led to very erratic and inconsistent behavior. I also found the depressive lows to be particularly difficult to manage.





In November 2009 I was prescribed SEROQUEL by a Urgent Care Physician. Immediately I found its calming effects to be extremely relieving to my mania. I did, however, find it difficult to maintain a functioning state due to its sedating effects. I then switched to SEROQUEL XR and found a much more successful experience. I was initially given 400mg SEROQUEL XR paired with 10mg LEXAPRO. While initially a good way to stop the mania, I found 400mg to be too much to function on. I decided to halve my SEROQUEL XR dose to 200mg continuing to take 10mg of LEXAPRO. This combo has been great and I am so much calmer and feel way more in control of my life. I do, however, find the sedating effects to be difficult upon awaking in the morning. I try to offset this by ensuring that I receive a full 8-10 hour rest after administering a dosage. I would highly recommend this combo to anyone that is having difficulty finding a mental balance between dark and light. This year of treatment has allowed me to find a calm that I have never quite experienced beforehand.
BONE DENSITY INCREASED.  I HAD A BONE SCAN AND SHOWED ON THE BORDER LINE OF OSTEOPEROSIS, (?)  WELL AFTER TAKING THIS DRUG, MY BONE MEASUREMENTS INCREASED.  NO SIDE EFFECTS AND DEFIENTELY A GOOD MEDICATION FOR US BABY BOOMERS
Most importantly, my blood pressure went back down to normal when my heart rate rose to a more normal level. I was then taken off the topral and my blood pressure has remained at a good level. Additionally, my hair stopped falling out and wasn't as dry. Also, my skin improved. Before the medication, my skin was horribly dry and flaky. The changes did not take place overnight. I would say that it took about 3-4 months to see any improvement in my hair and skin.
Could fairly quickly fall asleep, and usually stay alseep, with little "sleep hangover" problem that most other medications result in. I could function in the morning. My general health started improving (fewer flues and colds, headaches, stress and depression, and I had much, much less pain as I started getting regular sleep.
Terrible!  There are much safer alternatives than this poison.  Most fluoroquinolones have been taken off the market.  Johnson and Johnson should be ashamed of themselves.  They have not warned doctors properly of the serious side effects eventhough the FDA has placed TWO BLACK BOX WARNINGS!
The combination therapy worked well but after discontinuation of therapy the condition returned and was worse than previous time.
It really helps keep my acne at bay - keeps pores clear and reduces frequency of inflamed pimples, reduces red marks from acne breakouts.  It is less drying/irritating than most other acne topicals.
Indomethacin immediate reduced the very inflamed and painful swelling in first joint of my left forefinger, my first - and thanks to prompt treatment with this drug - my only attack of rhumatoid arthritis.  I didn't recognise this swelling as arthritis because it was my first attack, and I neglected to seek medical advice until the joint was extremely inflamed and swollen.  Since this attack, I've used the nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) ibuprofen as needed to prevent further attacks.
None - I only had extremely bad side effects, which cost me my job, my home and my car. I just don't have fifty words to describe no benefits - thank you. I still need twenty words - hmmm - how am I doing?  Now I need ten words - can I quit now? Ugh!
acid reflux was controlled as long as the capsule was taken first thing in the morning, less effective if taken later.
With less Dexedrine and minimal Depekote, I was able to sleep deeply when I finally did fall asleep. I also remember extremely vivid dreams. The house was kept super clean and I was motivated to finish tasks.
I had spent a year trying to improve my food intake because of my bad skin.  This got rid of the acne within a matter of days. although I still have a few acne scars my skin is soft and feels fantastic.
Pregnancy was prevented.
marked improvement in behavior
The antibiotic works
Slight decrease in stiffness, and better degree of mobility of legs joints (ankles, knees and hips)
So far it's only been 3 days.  Wellbutrin seems to give me a spike of energy which is nice.  Still have the craving for cigs so I'm continuing to smoke like I usually do.
Aromatase inhibitor to reduce recurence of hormone-positive breast cancer- unknown effectiveness- no breast cancer 3 years after diagnosis
Since using the Retin-A along with the Accutane, I have noticed a great improvement in the look of my skin.  There are less clogged pores and it definitely more smooth and even in skin tone.  Any fine lines around my mouth and on my forehead have diminished but it hasn't helped much with fine lines around my eyes.
Vytorin was prescribed to me to lower my cholesterol. I did not take the product long enought to see a significant drop in my cholesterol levels as I discontinuted treatment.
I switched from Zoloft because the Cymbalta wasn't supposed to effect libido negatively.  Having ended my marriage and gone through menopause I don't feel I can judge that aspect fairly.  However, I feel the Cymbalta is much more effective in keeping the dark cloud off my head, allowing me to be more positive toward life on a consistent basis.
Slowed hair loss in front and top of scalp.  Regrew hair at the back of the scalp and on sides.  It doesn't appear that hair loss has ceased completely for MPB, but increased hair grow in another areas makes my head appear fuller
None
I do have time now with my kids and to my husband and I can able to make things well.
Occasionally I have a difficult time falling asleep and sleeping through the night.  When I take this medicine I fall asleep within 15 or so minutes and am able to sleep 7 or 8 hours.  My sleep seems undisturbed and uneventful.  When I wake up in the morning I awake completely alert and energized.
After suffering for years from insomnia and becoming addicted to Ambien, I was finally able to sleep and there was no worry about the side effects such as addiction.
stopped my bladder incontinence when used in combination with my other bladder medications on my neurogenic bladder
lowering BP
Gradual lessening in severity and frequency of comedonal acne. Gradual slight improvement in skin texture, ie. fine lines around eyes appear slightly reduced, skin tone appears more even and sun damage appears reduced.
Sinus and chest infections were much better after 7 days. No more sinus pain or runny nose, and was no longer coughing up mucus.
Reduced inflammation of affected areas.  Reduced itching and scaling in the affected areas.  Reduced itching in associated areas not specifically affected with the condition.
I quit taking Lithium because it didn't seem to be helping anymore and I didn't like the way it made me feel.  After going off Lithium my Dr. took me off Ativan which set in major anxiety.  I started drinking to ease the anxiety, but the alcohol sent me into major Manic/Depressive moods.  While drinking I was extremely manic, and while sober I went into major depressive states.  I could barely leave my house while in a depressive anxious state.  I missed a lot of work and started working from home.  Getting out of bed seemed impossible, finally got on Lamictal which took about six weeks to fully kick in.  Since then my anxiety has gone down(lower than ever before).  I am on a low dose of Klonopin that is taken on an "as needed basis."  My life is has improved greatly since I have been on Lamictal, works much better than the Lithium ever did.  I am so greatful for this drug it has given me my life back.
Ability to focus, motivation, energy, stamina all increased. Feeling of well-being after being in the 'black hole' of depression. My sleep is improved, have no trouble going to sleep, quells disturbing\busy dreams that used to leave me exhausted in the morning. I don't lie awake at night trying to slow down or calm my mind.
There were none at all.
Birth control, prevents pregnancy
marginal increase in bone density
They sometimes help me sleep throughout the night. Some nights when I feel really depressed, I feel like taking more.. but never do. Those were the nights that were really hard for me to fall asleep, even after taking the trazodone.
It made the nicotine completely ineffective.  the desire went down after several days. I don't really have much else to say.
Effect took place within 2 days, lifting me from a deep deep depression where I was at the point of a breakdown.





Helped me stay in my job and continue life normally.





Although after a year , I feel some symptoms are worming their way back in, but that could be pscyhological.
Cleared active acne very effectively.
Ability to focus. Able to answer questions and engage in coversation. Increased organizational ability. Increased ability to attend to particular tasks without constantly moving towards another task. Ability to prioritize and to remember what original intentions were after beginning a task.
It helped enormously with sleep and gave me quite vivid dreams upon occasion.  I felt more relaxed in general and overall, quite happy - in fact, slightly euphoric ( it is a mild antidepressant).  I was able to sleep at least eight hours and waking, I was alert and not sluggish.
Treatments benefits was the relaxation of legs at bedtime so I could sleep.
Improved ability to focus and concentrate. Memory retention better. Improved energy. Mainly helped relieve brain fog that is common with Chronic Fatigue/Fibromyalgia. Especially noticeable while working. Able to function better and work longer, more like my old self.
I had tried several allergy medicines, but had the side effects of extremely dry eyes - so dry that I blinked constantly and my eyes felt achy. Flonase has controlled my allergies fairly well without the dry eye side effects.  I still have drainage (which I have always had), but it isn't too bad and I don't get sinus infections or pain too often. I have been happy with it.
The patient has been taking this in hopes of fighting the depression he is dealing with while going through cancer treatments. He has been taking this drug for one month now and has noticed markable improvements. He is able to concentrate better and focus better. He seems to be in much better spirits and is in all around better spirits.
After several months using these drops I really could not tell much benefit. However, when I stopped  using them for a month the dry eye problem was bad enough to make me realize they had been helping enough to make me realize I was better off with them than without. I continue to use them.
It has worked pretty well at lifting my depression symptoms. Not dramatic effects but enough to help. It also decreased my appetite and I lost about 10 lbs and didn't gain it back.
The abscess cleared totally after taking the stated dose for 4 days.  The full 7 day course was however taken.
It helped with the dizziness only because it made me so sleepy I couldn't stay up to notice the dizziness!
This drug initially provided a modest suppression of appetite. However, within one week my appetite was as great as ever. Given that this medication is not covered by insurance, its virtual ineffectiveness is particularly noteworthy.
I was able to fall asleep and stay asleep.
After smoking for 41 years, I no longer smoke and can't believe I ever did.
Deppression disappeared. Anxiety disappeared. Since I have been on Lexapro I have realised I have been depressed most of my life. I have a very strong family history of major depression. I was in denial to the fact I was depressed. When you have always been depressed you don't know any different. Since Lexapro I have felt alot calmer and happier. The intense guilt I felt about everything has almost gone. My mind would also constantly relieve traumatic past events and mistakes I had made. I really didn't ever want to wake up in the morning - but now I do. The depressive need to sleep in the day time has gone. I am also becoming much less socially isolated, more confident and have began ejoying life. I would have liked to find Lexapro Many years ago.
Lowering of blood sugar without risk of hypoglycemia
The benefits were having clearer skin between month 2 and month 6.My skin did clear but i did still experience some smaller cystic breakouts, which was disappointing.
Lost 8 kg during 6 months, which would have been more if eating healthier and exercising.
i stopped crying, and could breath better
This is an NSRI, different from an SSRI because it works on more than one brain chemical. When an SSRI is ineffective or a patient finds that after a period of time a working drug stops working and symptoms of depression return they may be advised to try an NSRI. This was the case with me. I have been treated for my depression for years and had done extremely well for periods of time on several different drugs at different times. Moving from one to the next as I bottomed out on each. Celexa and Lexapro being the most recent. When Lexapro let me down after a couple of years I was advised to try Pristiq which was just released only a few months before my doctor suggested it. I was extremely hesitant as I did not want to go through another adjustment period of sleeplessness, headaches, possible weight gain, sexual issues, etc. You know the drill if you have taken drugs for deperession. So I chose to stay on my Lexapro and be depressed, hoping that it would start working again at a higher dose. Wrong. Getting to the end of my rope with my depression I finally decided to bite the bullet and try the Prestiq. My depression disappeared within 3 weeks leaving me feeling better than I had in months. I began smiling again and fully functioning doing the things I enjoy and had let slide. My sense of well being and hopefulness for the future returned.
my legs stay still so i can get to sleep and stay asleep
Parixetine resolved all the problems that made take that drug. These are :


Reduce Anxiety


Resolve sleeping problems, although at the beginning( first month) had more insomnia than normal) 


High Improvement in mood
I have complex partial seizures that secondarily generalize. I was having up to 5 a week of the generalized ones in my sleep and getting injuries from them when I started topamax. The topamax stopped the generalization. I continued to have complex partials, but those are nothing in comparison to a tonic clonic seizure. I have only had one tonic clonic since being at the max dose of topamax.
Less pain with same symptoms
The medication worked great and cleared up symptoms immediately (sore throat, coughing, et cetera).
Very effective initially. A lot more energy, able to focus, and more vibrant. I think its no longer working after 7 years and think I am tolerant of it and not receiving the same benefits as the initial years.
no benefits, only negatives.
None - did not work
Sleeping through the night
After taking Wellbutrin for approximately 2 months I noticed a considerable decrease in anxiety and morbid intrusive thoughts, which improved my depression feeling considerably. I also noticed that I had an easier time quitting smoking. I could be around smokers and not feel an urge to smoke, which had never happened in previous attempts to quit and using a nicotine patch.
Slowed down hyperactivity in a nine year old boy; increased attending a little bit although not strongly.  It does not interfere with sleep which many of the stimpulant meds do.  There were no mood swings until the dosage was increased.
lowered blood presssure with no notable side effects.The reduction in blood pressure was immediate with no other bothersome side effects
I took these medications while having severe symptoms of h-pylori which had been going on already for about 10 days(severe stomach pain).  After about 3 days on the medication my syptoms were much improved and soon disappeared.  Before taking this medication I would have bouts of this pain every few months during stressful times and it would take weeks to go away.  Since taking this medication during that three week period two years ago I have had no more syptoms of h-pylori despite several stressful time periods.
Fast results vs. traditional antibiotics such as amoxicillin.
The elavil was taken as a preventative measure for migraines.  I did have fewer migraines while I was taking this medication.  The ones that I did get seemed to be less severe.
Worked very fast, could feel results within a week. Very effective in lifting severe depression and reduced frequency of panick attacks (though did not eliminate them entirely)
After being diagnosed with narcolepsy, Provigil changed my life.  I had learned to live eternally tired and able to fall asleep at a moment's notice.  After a sleep study revealed narcolepsy and I started on Provigil, I feel as if I've been given a second chance at life.  Provigil helps me to stay awake and be alert....I no longer feel fatigued and always wanting to sleep.  Provigil is an amazing drug and thank God it's available!!!!
Had to have a partial hysterectomy due to endometreosis.  After the surgery began experiencing hot flashes on a very frequent basis - approximately 1-2 times per hour.  My gynecologist prescribed Premarin .030mg.  Since then I have moved up to the .045 mg dosage which I take once a day.  For the most part, this relieves my symptoms even though I wake up at night on occasion with a night sweat.
I started having insomnia due to some family issues and had to start taking sleeping pills. With the help of Lunesta I could usually get up to 5 hours of sleep at night on most nights, but then suddenly it stopped working. I could not fall asleep and had to switch to Ambien CR.
Control of high blood pressure.  Taken in addition to Cartia XT once daily to control high blood pressure.  The hydrochlorothiazide (HCT) increases the amount of urine removing salt and excess water to help lower high blood pressure.
My treatment benefits: My pain went away while taking Mobic. My anxiety went away. My mood was lifted.
The nexium was highly successful in calming the stomach acid. However, it took a long time to do so effectively. I only stopped taking it after a year.
i could sleep at night. my ms caused tightness everywhere, so i had alot of sleepless nights. lack of sleep made everything worse w/ my ms
I suffered from debilitating migraines.  The first treatments of anti-depressants were effective, but the side effects became intolerable.  After 


trying other types of medications, Effexor (both XR and regular release) have been a blessing. I suffer no side effects and in the laast 5 years have only had to increase the dosage one time.
Immediate slowing of loss, but the benefits waned after the first year.
My spots were reduced dramacially, skin cleared up and felt better. my confidence improved. i would recommend this product to other people.
My hyperthyroidism is in remission 9 months after stopping the drug.  I had no side effects and even my thyroid nodules are gone.  Pretty amazing!!
After a few months of treatment, I was actually able to function and get my social anxiety under control. My emotions became intact, and I enjoyed doing things again.
I was experiencing anxiety and would take a quarter of a pill to take the edge off.  Within 20-30 minutes the anxiety would decrease a lot.  Mostly I wouldn't even have a full pill in a day.
The drug was taken for my daily anxiety caused by stress and also insomnia to help relax my body before bed. The drug is mainly intended for anxiety and works great at relieving those systems such as irregular heart beat, nervousness and other anxiety causing symptoms. I give it a 9 out of 10 for its performance.
My son is generally very leary of any type of medicine and even throws up certain cough syrups and acetaminophens that I would give him.  I had two concerns for this oral medication.  First, I was skeptical that this prescription for amoxicillin would be any different in terms of taste and that my son would also throw it up.  Also, being that my son is a diabetic coupled with the fact that he was sick, I was concerned that this medication might have sugars that would affect his blood sugar readings.  I found no real difference in his health for the first two to three days but in the days following, his health improved dramatically to the point where we almost forgot to take it.  Understanding that the antibiotic needed to be taken for the full ten days in order to be the most effective, we continued to take it to the end of the ten days.
This has helped reduce my cystic acne that forms on my chin area. Nothing has helped previously.I had tried OTC products including Proactiv as well as RX differin. The cysts still occur occasionally but with far less frequency.
Traeatment with Nasonex was effective at controlling some of my congestion before sinus surgery and all of it after surgery.  The treatment also controlled my allergies to cats and dogs as a bonus!  I stayed 4 days at a freinds house with a dog and was without sneezing and stuffiness, however my asthma was still an issue.
Blood pressure was decreased initially to where it should have been, and gradually stopped being so effective
diclofinac has helped with the pain and swelling of joints.Lefluonomide, for me, had no noticible benefits.
Stop pain of nerve spasms, without the drug, the tri geminal neuralgia pain is considered one of the most painful of all medical conditions.  With this medicine the patient has been able to avoid the risks of neuro surgury and still control the pain.
taking the eye drops once a day relieved itching and redness.  there were no side effects.  the treatment stopped my eyes from itching and being red.  it did not seem to have any other side effects.  there is really nothing else to say about it.
Controls the anxiety and fear of being without breathing.
reduction in mood swings;night sweats;wt. gain
Significant improvement in mood, affect, energy, libido, and overall mental status. Significant reduction in anxiety, moodiness, and certain obsessive compulsive traits.
It provided me Pain releif that enabled me to get up in the morning and pain releif that helped with cramps and pain while sleeping at night. I think it only blocked the pain receptor in my brain but didn't actually provide a cure for the main problem. It was like a mask that may have caused more damagae in the end
I have never felt so good in my life. This drug doesn't make you happy but it gives you a stable state to work from. I also read self-help books and have therapy along with the medicine but I wouldn't have been able to not have extreme highs and lows without Lamotrigine. It saved my relationships and my sanity. Thank God for this medicine.
I had more energy, better disposition and I slept better. This hormone therapy is great. I think most menopausal women should take it. It made me feel more like my old self.
Although I took this drug about 3 to 4 days before I realized it was making me sicker, there were no treatment benefits during the time I was on it.  Actually , I started feel worse about day 3 or 4.  The drug seemed to be enhancing the sinusitus symptoms!
Finacea works well, is my everyday solution to acne and rosacea, but I still have occasional breakouts which are more quickly dried up by using Neutragena salicylic acid spot products.  Finacea has a creamier texture, so doesn't dry my skin as much as other products or irritate it, causing redness.  I still require a light moisurizer, in addition to it and the CeraVe moisturizing product that has been packaged with Finacea in a recent promotion works well with it.
I have been on Effexor XR for about 10 years. I am currently taking 300 mg per day. Before going on Effexor XR I was a crazy person...I tried to commit suicide several times. I still had anger issues and was given Lamictal and my anger has decreased immensely. I had been on so many different antidepressants I thought this was how my life was always going to be, my family slowly watching me sleep myself to death. Since my doctor put me on Effexor XR added Lamictal & Desyrel I feel better than ever. I also found out I'm allergic to wheat, dairy & eggs. Deleting these items from my diet along with the medications has made me a new person.
enabled me to manage pain without being on narcotics. I did not experience a spacey out of touch feeling as I did when taking vicodin. It did make me a bit sleepy for the first couple of hours after dosing
I have had acne since the age of fifteen (15).  I tried several treatments, but the one that has shown improvement to my skin has been Differin.  With Differin, there has been a reduction of blemishes, my skin feels and looks smoother, and  the hyperpigmention of my skin has lightened significantly.
I felt better in about 2 days. Maybe I would of felt better with out the drug. Not quite sure if it really helped.
The problem, Acne Vulgaris, did disappear
It allowed me to relax and sleep.  My neck and back pain subsided a little.  It made me forget most of my pain.
After about 2 weeks, felt much calmer and less depressed. Stressful situations or emotional distress were experienced less acutely and I was able to deal with them much better. Overall feeling of 'who cares' but not to a bad extent.  Also lost about 20 pounds which may be due to it acting as an appetite suppressant? Or maybe because it stopped my stress eating. Either way, nice side effect :)
this drug works very well to control my heart from racing and fluttering. i have had a echo cardiogram and they say it is nothing serious but it really bothers me and makes me shaky and queasy. it was nice to get relief from this drug.
After moving to Okalahoma, allergies became a problem.  Different medicines prescribed and over the counter were tried.  At one point, I had to visit the doctor every six months two get a B12 shot and a steroid shot.  I was not pleased with the such frequent visits to the doctor's office but needed a treat for my new found allergies that were really affecting my work and family life.
Stabilizes my thyroid function and brings it into a "normal" range.


Consequently my heart rate normalizes
Reduced desire to smoke


Reduced cravings for cigarettes
I had tons more energy, better sleep, my brittle hair and dry skin improved ,cold hands and feet were a thing of the past ,but the best part was the fact that my  


horse voice and persistent sore throat got better,also a feeling of well being which I didn't have before taking them , I felt I had control of my life again.
There was no perceptible benefit to the patient from his point of view; there was an apparent improvement as measured by the doctor.  The doctor advised continuation of the treatment.
Felt the "cloud lift" after 6 days or so.


Feel free from depression for the first time in 10 years.


But, glad to be rid of it.
Prior to starting 1000 mg acyclovir QID, I was taking the standard 200 mg 5 times a day regimin.  I devloped the shingles in the 5th cranial nerve.  I had lesions following the entire nerve roots across my face, but had them internally as well.  There were lesions in the ear canal, the side of my tongue and down my throat.  I had taken a flu shot and had exposure to sun, as well as starting 2 new jobs about the same time as the first onset.  I developed 1 blister which I thought was herpes. I had not had a herpes outbreak in years. I started the acyclovir and noticed more and different complaints every day.  I first got a lesion on the entrance to the ear canal and more accompanying the first one on my lower chin.  Then my lower teeth began to become painful, as if I had a great toothache.  After about 4 days, I began to feel exhausted and unable to snap out of my fatigue.  The next day I awoke and had a sensation that my mouth was not fully moving.  Later the eye began to remain open and would not blink. The 3rd day of these symtoms, I devloped total paralysis of the left face. I saw 1 of my doctors immediately.  He gave me a cortisone shot and told me the dose of acyclovir to take.  He said it was bell's palsey. A friend called and said it was Ramsay-Hunt.  I was on bedrest from Mid October until 2 weeks ago.  I have very little stamina, and slowly I am getting more energy.  The latest addition to my medication arsenal was Alpha-lipoic acid.  I had statrted lysine and red marine algae.  I stopped coffe, soda, most meat and ate only what little I cooked or made myself.  I am pleased that most of my facial functions have returned, with the exception of the eye bliking completely, and a slight difference in my smile.  I take at least 1 dose of ibuprophen every day due to neuralgia or a sense of swelling in my left face.
Very effective in my sleep pattern
My blood cholesterol decreased from 260 to 190-210 and my LDLs dropped  and now hover around 100 mg/dl; always had high HDL levels of 84-92.  Needed to keep my VLDLs low too.
it did keep my blood pressure lower , and i did feel better.and i felt more at ease driving
during 20's and 30's it appeared to create a protective skin barrier and keep acne at bay
The number of migraines were reduced from 20+ a month to 12 or even less.  There have been some months when I have had only 5 or less migraines.  More importantly, the intensity of the migraines is considerably reduced.  On a pain scale of 1-10, I would have 12 or 15+ pain, that no amount of medication helped, and they would last for 3 to 5 days.  Now, when I do get a migraine, it's usually at a 2 or 3 pain level, and I rarely need to take more than 1 Relpax for relief.
Decreased depression
Benefits of Protonix were a greatly reduced incidence of heartburn and spams in the esophagus.
The drug reduced symptoms of tiredness and moodiness.   Hair loss was also seemed to improve.
I have not gotten pregnate while using, and I can usually not tell the ring is there.
I was able to relax more than usual, and my mind did not feel like a race car circling a track at 150 miles per hour.  It became easier to focus on the task at hand without worrying about what was on my to-do list and, due to an eating disorder, how much I had eaten or was going to eat that day.
My skin has become dramatically clearer and it has a fresh glow that I am very happy with.  My skin is smoother, finer, and the darker areas on my forehead (related to sun exposure) have faded almost completely.
My dosage is NOT the standard treatment of 300 mg daily, however at the 100 mg daily dose I get some benefits, including decreased irritability and appetite control, without side effects.
Totally under control
I went to the doctor complain of never losing weight despite dieting and exercises, and after some medical evaluation , I was diagnosed with severe insulin resistance, polycysitc ovary syndrome , and hypothyroid ,all which contributed to weight problem  , my doctors plan was to take metformin at the maximum dose , 850 mg , 3 times and and to start a medication for my throid , within 3 months I had lost 20 pounds , normalized my periods and reversed my insulin resistance I was instructed to keep taking metformin  for the rest of my life
I began taking Climara for perimenopause issues-- insomnia, horrible PMS, moodiness, night sweats. It helped for these issues.
lowered cholesterol by 13% with no side effects
Clearer thinking; improved outlook and energy level.
stopped depression ie. repeatative negative thoughts, suicidal thougts, and general malaise.  relieved insomnia.
excellent!!!! been using on and off for about 5 yrs now. I have learned how this works so theres no side effects such as really dry flaky skin. i use a little in the am then at night.I do this for about 2 wks. Meanwhile i DO NOT use any scrubs or rub my face , just gently, also NO masks or toners etc. Close to 2 wks, when in a hot shower gentle exfoliate, you will see dead skin coming off. dry your face and ts gonna look dry, flaky and terrible. use PURE COCOBUTTER on your face during the day, then only at night use the triluma, and repeat the exfoliate every few days, then the cocobutter etc, until you get results. My face looks amazing after using this process, but i do not have acne, so not sure how it would  work with the cocobutter, might make the acne worse.  good luck!
I did not notice any benefit myself, although my wife felt I was less 'Snappy'. Hoping to get more benefits now I have moved up to a higher dose.
The benefits were that it did help lower my blood pressure.
Got rid of eczema quickly when applied in a thin layer. I have used this for years without realizing its side effects or being told about the side effects from my doctors or pharmacist.
Less acne, more controlled cycle
My target was to have the a cholestrol reduction from 240 to under 200. I did not want want to take statins because I am not comfortable with drugs that inhibit normal metabolic processes. Evolution is parsimonius, and inhibition of any enzyme is likely to be reflected as an adverse effect in a seemingly unrelated area. Also, I did not want to take red yeast rice, which basically is a non-phrmaceutical grade of a statin. I liked the physical mode of action of Zetia. Within 6 months of starting treatment, my total cholesterol was down from to 200 and my HDL went up from 45 to 58.
The Atacand worked well for me IF taken consistently without skipping days.  I was able to bring my blood pressure to at least 120/80 and at times a bit lower.  Note that consistency of medication is a key.  Should the 8mg tablet taken once per day not prove as effective as desired, my physician advised that I could take an additional tablet or two per day without problem.
Decreased the vertigo almost immediately; no further vomiting; I was able to walk and move my head without the awful spinning.
more motivation,stopped crying in the morning,improved feelings of wellbeing,I could enjoy music and started singing spontaniously at times,something Ihad'nt done in years
the treatment cleared up the infection, mostly.  It cleared up the infection but I still felt that it was there for a while.  It did get rid of the pain in my ears from the infection really quickly, and the 'blocked up' feeling I had in my ear.
outbreaks were reduced from one every few months to one every few years
I was able to live without allerigies. Zyrtec alleviated my symptoms except for a slight cough without the drowsiness of other medications.
much improved sleep without waking in the middle of the night.
I did not experience benefits as the medication was too harsh, forcing me to have to stop application.
less depression and suicidal ideation. I was not responding to any other anti-depressants and this one sometimes works for people who do not respond to others. Maybe it's because it makes you sleep very well. Sometimes it is prescribed as a mild sleeping pill.
Highly effective in birth control, actually stopped my daily headaches, made me regular
I first began taking Topamax when I was fifteen. I had severe migraines about five every week. When I started it did automatically begin helping me with the headaches, and then the side effects sat in very soon after. Yet, the weight loss side effect was the only positive. I lost twenty pounds.
Clomiphene citrate or clomid is used for treatments of fertiliy in women. It triggers the ovaries to ripen more ovuls and to invrease the change of conceiving.
relief of insomnia
there were no treatment benefits in taking this drug
The treatment quieted the nerve endings givig them a chance to calm down from the chronic pain cycle.  It allowed the nervous system to regulate itself properly again.
Acne outbreaks healed quicker than using no medication.
I would have complete relief from acid reflux if I took the medication daily.  If I skipped a day, I would start to have severe gastric distress from acid reflux, would then have to take the Prilosec as well as an instant-acting Tums or Rolaids.
This is my second wee taking the meds and i weighed myself the other day i have lost 14lbs already and i still have a few more weeks to go before the month is up..
I have suffered from insomnia off and on for a number of years.   Fluvoxamine is an antidepressant and, as I didn't feel depressed, I was a little dubious initially.  My GP suggested I try it as I was unwilling to take any sedative-type pills.  After the initial start-up period (around two weeks) I found it made a big difference.  I now go to bed and sleep normally without any side effects such as drowsiness.  My GP suggested that I might have had a level of depression which was affecting my sleep, I don't know, although I do feel better generally as well as sleeping well.
Helped with sinus congestion and sneezing, and allowed me to be able to breathe better throught the night and wake up less stuffy.
Helped rid nose of pre cancer outbreaks
Stops and Prevented breakouts of hives!





I am severly allergic to most foods and plants, everything breaks me out.


Thanks to this pill, this won't happen any more.
Being able to focus, weight loss, more energy, staying on task, more relaxed once it kicked in or wore off.  Slowed down my thought process, anxiety went done, not over thinking and less of a worrier.  No explosive episodes with family, stablized my moods.  Work non stop, focused on tasks, can sit and stay still, read books for longer then 5 minutes.  If you don't have ADHD and take this drug it will make you a hyperactive spaz and will have the oppositve effects.
We could not identify any benefits at all.  The behavior and memory problems remained unchanged or worsened over time.  Anxiety continued to increase and the dementia progressed systematically.  Disorientation continued to increase and the patient became more and more difficult to manage.  It appeared that irritability increased and the patient became more agitated more easily.
This medication greatly helped me to sleep well.  I felt more restored after a nights sleep.  I no longer had trouble going to sleep and no trouble with waking up in the middle of the night, and not being able to get back to sleep.  Unfortunately this medication did not seem to help with the Fibromyalgia very much.
Initially felt good, then after a week knee pain started.  Week later started getting bumps on my legs.  Kept thinking I was doing something else wrong, blamed it on new shoes, etc.  Knees hurt, were creaking and pain got worse. Bumps were scary.
The treatment benefits are long term.  There is no immediate benefit to be seen.  My doctor advised me that a follow-up dexa scan should be performed in two years to determine if the treatment is effective in reversing or at least arresting the osteopenia.  The drug is supposed to reduce risk of breast cancer.
Mood was uplifted and dosage was easy (once daily). convenient dosage form
less fatigue, decreased head aches,skin became less red in color joint pains reduced, slept better
With the Lyrica It helps the pain.
I had morning-to-night headaches for two weeks prior to taking the medication. My doctor ascertained that these were most likely tension headaches. The morning after taking the first dose, I had no headache, and I remained headache-free for 2 days.  Now, on the third day, the headache is returning, so I plan to take another dose tonight.
Slight increase in bone density in hips, however no change in back (vertabrae)
I presented with General Anxiety Disorder and Aggitated Depression.  I was unfocused, angry, anxious and had racing thoughts.  Wellbutrin XL helped with depression, unfocused thinking and racing thoughts.  I was more focused during the day and was able to complete tasks.  It also helped so that I would not fly off the handle and it helped me stay out of bed.  In a nutshell, it helped me with energy.  A main help was with the sexual side effects of Lexapro, a seratonin reuptake inhibitor.  Lexapro would dimish my libido and make it difficult to reach orgasm.  Wellbutrin really helped to conteract these side effects and gave me even energy during the day.
THe zomig nasal spray is generally very effective in curing migraine. 80% of the time the pain is 75% or more gone within an hour. Another 15% of the time it takes up to 2 hours.  5% of the time the pain is only lessen.  However lately some of the single dose units do not discharge the medication properly. Instead of a spray, you get a drop or two.  When this happens, the frequency of the pain not going away by at least 75% goes up. A couple of times it seemed virtually ineffective.  If the quality control doesn't improve, I may have to switch to a different Triptan.
The treatmen was very effective as it helped keep pores clean due to exfoliation. the acne deminished after regular use for around 3 weeks, although it seemed to increase at first. This was expected according to directions.
decrease in frequency and severity of acne lesions. Blackheads were not as noticeable and pustules were much reduced in size and number.
After I started taking the medicine at the proper time of day, I no longer had to sit up to sleep. No longer have acid backup into my throat or throw up. As long as I didnt eat especially fatty or rich foods after 9 pm I was able to have a good sleep.
took wellbutrin comined with lexapro. younger doctor willing to mix and match drugs to get the disired effect. an overall big difference was noted with mood swingsand crying spells where i couldn't get myself together in a reasonable amount of time
skin renewal, peeling, immediate results.  after a day or two, facial skin is peeling.
felt better hard to tell as mood changes so much not sureif in head or not but do fet better so thats something to take from this
blood pressure medicine currently controling BP well. thyroid medication keeps TSH level at optimum level. No side effects from either medication. Very low dose of both
If there were benefits, they were minimal. The only thing I noticed was how dry my skin became


from use of Metrogel.
None. I only took them for a couple of days, but had to stop because of the side-effects.
At the onset of my condition of hives, I tried to avoid taking any medications and was hoping to ride it out.  By the second day, the itching got unbearable so I gave in and took Benadryl to counteract the severe itching I was having.  At this stage, the hives were in full swing so the medication was only 50% effective but it helped enough for me to resist scratching myself.  As time went by, the itching slowly subsided and the hives went away (lasted about five days).
Very effective reduction in pain from an injury, and later when having vulvar vestibulitis flare ups.
Muscle pain from fibromyalgia was reduced; able to more actively participate in life activities.
To stop the infection of cystitis and other urine infections when it became too painful.It makes the passing of water less painful and reduces the passing of bloody quicker which can become very painful.
None, took Armour for 17 years, felt great.  New Dr. wouldn't prescribe Armour.


Finally am back on Armour 1 gram or .60mcg per day.  I feel like a new person in just 5 days.  More energy, more positive, sugar cravings stopped. Over all feel 100% better.  As far as I am concerned that Dr. took 6 years out of my life. New Female Dr. finally put me back on Armour.  It was unavailable for almost a year. I think it was all about money. Armour is less costly and moree effective.
took it at night and the depression was lifted the next day! Made me feel happy and with no cares in the world. Had a much better mood and outlook on life!  I didn't get angry as easily and my overall mood was stable.  I also felt more like my "normal" old self!!
prevented getting pregnant
The benefit to the drug was that yes it did work i was crazy (locked up in mental ward) and then after usage became normal (not crazy) again.However my treatment plan was not good. plan
This drug literally changed my life and I wish I had started taking it earlier in life.  So many problems would have been solved for me. I was never happy, cryed often and had no self worth at all.  I was also very anxious and uncomfortable around people and avoided many social situations because of this.  In short I was not enjoying anything at all about life or work!  When I started taking Zoloft (under my doctor' care) it was like a miracle for me.  I went back to school!  I pursued a new career (my old job was nothing other than a hiding place for me) I blossomed!  I honestly do not know if this drug has the same effect on everyone but I recommend trying it. I should be the poster child for Zoloft.  I am still taking it and may be for the rest of my life.  As for people who complain about anti-depressants, there is only one thing to say to them, They obviously have never known the debilitating effects of depression!
The treatment benefit of the pharmaceutical drug named Biaxin included assistance with the eradication of the cell wall deficient bacteria named Borrelia Burgdorferi. In combination with the Flagyl, which breaks down the biofilm that the Borrelia bacteria protect themselves from hostile environments including exposure to antibiotics, the Biaxin can kill the bacteria when they emerge from their biofilms which is weakened by Flagyl.
reduce elevated pressure in the eyes and relieve hypertension.
osteoporosis stabilized in hip and osteopoenia stabilized in back
Risperdal reduces worry about visual and auditory hallucinations that remain.  Personality remains intact.  Disturbing thoughts are reduced.
completely ended panic attacks,most sweating,most blushing,much discomfort.
significant reduction of pain due to the flu virus.  this is a typical prescription for the flu, pain killers with lots of fluids.  I was drawn to this tablets because they look appealing, the red capsules are easy to take and the caplets are coated in sugar. Normally I'd take paracetamol, which are dry and hard to swallow, I choose these to be kind to myself !!!  I had no idea they could cause this reaction. they were good pain killers.
The use of Prednisone before and during my vacation prevented the occurrence of the rash that I used to get due to sun exposure.  One year it did not totally prevent the rash and so the following year we increased the dosage.
I completed task, i could focus more while reading or watching a movie, i could clean my room without over thinking it, i completed homework without struggling, motivated about the future, more energy, didn't feel tired during the day like i usually do, I actually felt more smart.
Depending on how severe the case is the dermatitis clears up in one to two weeks. The overall appearance of my skin improves as well as it improves any hormone or stress related 'spots'. (It is also used as adjunctive therapy to treat acne).
Relief of chronic nausea, indigestion, acidic feeling in throat
effectively manages cravings for nicotine
no more monthly periods
Immediately saw improvement in allergy symptoms, which eased asthma
Improved mood and anxiety stability,improved ability to take care of self, drastically reduced social anxiety, ability to put concerns into perspective, ability to calm day to day worries and concerns.
It did curb my desire to smoke.  I went from smoking a pack a day after years of smoking to smoking one cigarette a day without using any nicotine substitutes.  However, I never got to the point where I didn't have the one cigarette a day and the side effects were so severe that I had to stop taking the drug.
Marginally lowered my blood pressure.
Treatment was for cystic acne. The dermatologist prescribed erythomyicin for treatment. Saw the dermatologist biweekly and the dermatologist would give me a check over. The dermatologist then would ask if I was doing anything different, and then would proceed to give me a new prescription for the erythromycin.
Helped the pain enormously, after many other treatments failed.
Went from approx. 17 migraine days a month to approx. 4 migraine days a month while taking topamax and erinn.  (Before adding erinn, was down to approx. 8 migraine days a month.)  Topamax seemed to greatly lessen the hypersensitivity of my brain to overreact to triggers such as changes in altitude, barometric pressures, humidity levels, environmental triggers such as smoke, strong smells, loud noises, and food triggers such as dark chocolate.  Before topamax all of these things would cause migraines to start very easily.  After settling in on topamax these things didn't bother me like they used to.
Thought to have allergies - not the case however FloNase works to clear the sinuses and prevent infections, works wonderfully!!
The neurontin slightly helped pain but not enough to contine the drug. it was supposed to help muscle spasms but did not.  I would not increase because of the side effects.
My hair grew back (prior to treatment it was falling out in clumps) and my depression, weight gain, and exhaustion improved somewhat.
There weren't any significant benefits.
Not so emotional a week before and during my menstrual cycle. Relieved thoughts of suicide as well as given me more energy through that rough patch of my PMS cycle. Feelings have also calmed down with my loved ones. As I can be more relaxed as my anxiety level feels like it's at it's all time low.
I started taking Premarin after having a complete hysterectomy for ovarian cancer. f


At first, it took about a week to start feeling any effects on the severe hot flashes that I was feeling after being put into instant menopause. But gradually the dug started working and now my hot flashes and mood swings are practically non-existent.
Treatment was very effective, effects started to be noticeable after 3 weeks. After 3 months skin had cleared and as additional benefits, hair and skin were much less oily (no longer needed to wash hair daily as it was not so oily any more. Pores shrunk and much less visible.
none, I was unable to take  the drug to achieve the benefits as I had a reaction.
I did not see any significant benefits for treating the histamine reaction- which was due to a bug bite and subsequent allergic response.  Sensations and symptoms included inflammation, redness, swelling to the point of limited mobility (bite was on hand) and itching, which the Xyzal did not effectively treat; however, the xyzal appeared to help with the seasonal allergies related to hay fever.  For the topical condition, diphenhydramine was preferred.
Initially effective perhaps but doctors loath to discontinue after symptoms disappeared
Reduced bad boils and acne on the skin surface
I had a nervous breakdown suddenly and unexpectedly.  After 1 week in the psych ward, I was prescribed 2 medications that I soon realized didn't help.  Over the course of 1 year, I tried many different combinations of anti-depresants which didn't work.  Not until I tried both wellbutrin and topomax together did I start recovering from my breakdown.  About 1 1/2 years ago I discontinued the Topomax and I've only used the Wellbutrin since it helps me maintain my health.
It was completely effective against pregnancy.


One other good effect was my periods became very regular.
First days after surgery were a blur.  There was considerable swelling post surgery, and the drug helped me to ignore the way I looked.
the first week it did help supress my cravings, but my stomache felt hungry. as soon as i did eat, i would realize how hungry i really was. i lost 4 lbs in my first week. second week, no hunger pains and still no cravings. i'm on my third week and i've lost 7 lbs.
Ritalin has saved my life from lethargy and procastination.  I can now focus and be productive.  I am participating in life now ... I wish I would have discovered this sooner.  But later is better than never, I am very grateful this drug exists.  It is not an amphetamine (which is good because I could get addicted to speed too easily), this does not amp me up, it makes me calm and inspired and focused, a HUGE change in my life.  I am actually enjoying being alive (which is saying a lot compared to where I was at before taking Ritalin)
It was 100% effectiv as contraception, the mayor benefit is not having to rememeber to take the pill every day and that it has only one form of hormon, which is important for woman over 35, especially smokers.
The medicine MTX  was effective for fifteen years. Weekly dose of Enbrel is quiet effective. AS sson as I tke MTX 2 days after the Enbrel injection I am having severe swelling on my knee joints. Others onts remains normal.
I had the drug initally offered to me by my dermatologist in sample tube years ago.  I found it very effective, despite only dabbing on the smallest amount due to only having small sample tube.  Yet despite quick clear-ups...I would occasionally have recurrances under my nose with the rash.  I have struggled with this rash for over 20 years.  With the last outbreak, while having minimal amounts left in the sample tube, I went in to my dermatologist and got a full prescription in about June of 2009.  Not only was I able to use a bit more in application this time, but it obviously was not an expired product.  I found the long-term rash hsf completely cleared up within less than a week.  While this was not new to me with this product, the fact that I have had no recurrance whatsoever in over four months is the great news.
During the ten years I've been taking acyclovir, I have experienced zero outbreaks, compared to almost continuous outbreaks prior to taking this drug. I occasionally have the achiness that precedes an outbreak, and have on two or three occasions taken an extra dose per day when I experience that symptom.
relief from burning associated with reflux
No Mood Swings, Easy Birth Control Method..It was very convenient not having to take a pill everyday.
When I took Zyrtec on a daily basis, my allergy symptoms were reduced.  I didn't appear to have the headaches (band around my head) as often nor did I have the pain in the ears associated with this band quite so frequently, my nose was not quite so 'runny' or itchy.  I found my nose clearer during the daytime and I had less 'sniffles' as compared to days when I did not take the Zyrtec at all.  Overall, it improved my symptoms notably.
Extremely effective in reducing anxiety and depression. Makes you less self-conscious and able to go outside for walks, pass crowded patios without having to cross over to the other side of the street because you are affraid of being watched. Highly effective in reducing irritability and increasing patience. A lot less side effects than other anti-depressants. You do not feel drowsy or drugged. Neither do you get any stomach upsets.
I felt ok for about two days when first starting the treatment, then the lovely side effects began to set in
I took Celexa for approximately 6 months and I found it to be totally ineffective. This was not surprising considering I have taken several other psychotropic (SSRI's) drugs, with the same ineffectiveness. I'm finally thinking mabye I don't have a serotonin deficiency, and mabye there are other issues. Going back to dr. to see if there may be another course of action.
About two years ago Lexapro had totally stopped working and I was trying many different drugs from pristiq, welbutrin, cymbalta, none of which worked. After a few days on welbutrin I experienced the worst panic attack ever. I thought the end was near. I had had them in the past, but nothing like this. It probably lasted only about 5 minutes but seemed an eternity. The rest of that particular day I was completely exhausted. That was a Sunday and the following day my family doctor stopped all my meds and switched me over to clonazepam and zoloft. It's been a year now and I haven't felt this well in a long time. Minimal side effects.
I started with headaches on the 9th day of taking the medication. I eventually needed 2 yrs of spinal taps to reduce the fluid build on in my spinal cord which was putty pressure on my brain.
None... did not make my periods any lighter
prevented unwanted pregnancy.  Regular menstrual cycles.
I felt like I could handle my work and relationship stress better.
stopped paranoid delusions
Gradual improvement of mood.  Reasonable results over the years, but not stable.  Too afraid to try others.
reduced severity of hot flashes, decreased vaginal dryness
Able to function and have a productive life. If I am very tired the medication is not effective.
Little, if any.
It easily cured my asthma, i rarely use my inhalers and nebulizer.... 


no more wheezing sounds and decreased my asthma attacks..
lower blood pressure
Started feeling better very quickly.
My skin was flawless and I had a very youthful glow. My acne went away completely. My breasts were much fuller and my body looked more curvy and feminine, even though I worked out daily and didn't change my eating habits.
It initially worked great to eliminate my heart burn.  But it is now requiring 2 doses per day.  I take the 2nd pill not for burn but for congestion that builds up in my throat.
I'm using tretinoin to reduce the wrinkles around my eyes. So far I am happy with it- although even as an anti wrinkle treatment improves my skin- I continue to age- so it's an uphill battle. I do my best to take care of myself and had heard that this might help battle the little signs of age on my face. So far I'm pretty happy- nothing drastic, but hopefully continued use will help me to age gracefully and not drastically.
Prevention of pregnancy, lighter periods
Reduction or resolution of symptoms related to histamine release- variously sneezing, watery eyes, allergic rhinitis, wheeze (inhaled allergens), oral itching, severe abdominal cramping and diarrhoea ( ingested allergens ). I suffer from pollen allergy which has led to severe food allergies particularly to nuts. Zyrtec works quickly within 15-30 minutes and causes no increased drowsiness, probably decreases it. ( the allergy itself makes one quite tired ).
Significant reduction in perseveration; increased flexibility; reduction in obsessions such as the weather leading to ability to cope better with daily events, unexpected changes, disappointments etc.and increased ability to interact more appropriately socially
reduced inflammation and acne lesions 


reduced inflammation and acne lesions 


reduced inflammation and acne lesions 


reduced inflammation and acne lesions 


reduced inflammation and acne lesions 


reduced inflammation and acne lesions reduced inflammation and acne lesions 


reduced inflammation and acne lesions
lower htn  lower blood pressure. no headaches felt good.  I dont know what else you want it is a good med. no problems at all
I was growing facial hair in a classic beard pattern.  Not heavy, but more was coming in.  Doc took a look at my testosterone levels and said they were too high. He told me to quit taking any DHEA and to take aldactone in the morning and in the evening before bed. I didn't know that Aldactone would counteract testosterone, but it does.  New facial hair quit coming in and there has been lessening of facial hair that was already there.
Reduced anxiety, less irritability, levelized moods.
prevented pregnancy as it is a form of contraceptive but unfortunately it takes away your libido and sex drive
Fell asleep quickly, slept 7 hrs., woke up without hangover
Able to cope more successfully during panic attacks and acute anxiety episodes. Able to sleep better at night (get to sleep).
Occasionally, my rosacea would come out on my nose and sometimes result in huge, painful pimples which also made my entire nose red and swollen. This started occurring bi-weekly for the past year or so. I started using Metrogel and haven't had an incident since!
The flare ups of fibromyalgia seemed to subside considerably. I was able to actually get out of bed during the day. I still, however, have bouts of pain; especially if I try to reduce the amount I take during the day.
I didn't realize any benefits since the medication is preventative and needed to be taken over time to prevent osteoporosis. I had experienced some bone density issued related to  long term use of Prednisone or a period of years.
For seasonal allergies, I would highly recommend Zyrtec.  I have had allergy shots to no avail, and have suffered from seasonal allergies my whole life.  While the side effects that I experienced were annoying, they did not negate the benefits of taking the medicine. It made all of my allergy symptoms disappear (itchy eyes, hayfever, nasal congestion etc)  The side effects were extreme cotton mouth, and I mean extreme. It also very much interrupted a restful night sleep.  However, as annoying as these are, it was worth it to have the affect of the drug itself in dealing with seasonal allergies.
When I first started, I slowly made my way up to 300mg.  After the first two months, I noticed a difference.  Not a huge difference, but it was big enough for my family to notice.  It seemed to me though, after time, that my body got immune to the medication and I seemed to be back to the manic stages again.  I have been on tons of anti-depression medications that are prescribed for depression and bipolar disorder and it seems to my doctors/psychiatrists that my body just gets immune to them.
The chest pain went away almost immediately. I rarely had heartburn even when I ate spicey foods. Even though I still may have heartburn occasionally, the tightness of my chest and the frequent indigestion has almost completely disappeared. Before I had indigestion at random times during the day, which would cause unexpected chest pains.
none
Amazing! I take nothing but this vivelle dot and add a dab of progeserone cream (natural) and vitamins. I have never felt better!
No benefits that I can see.  My doctor said it was not useful to do another bone scan to see if there had been a change in a year so I have no idea if there was any benefit.  I have been experiencing fairly severe leg pains for the past year and could not find out what they were from.  Did numerous tests, no results.  Then I saw on the insert that side effects could be muscle, bone or joint pain and when I read a comment on here describing dull aching in one leg in particular radiating down from the hip and below the knee. I thought...that is me!!!  So I am stopping this drug and waiting to see what happens with the new aches and pains.  Maybe it is this drug.  I hope so.
The IV form was effective in removing excess fluid. The oral form did not.
It effectively prevented a pregnancy. And periods stopped immediately with rare and light spotting.
Tramadol decreases the severity of pain associated with neck movement. It is not an opiate however it does provide pain relief (for me) along the lines of a mild narcotic without the "euphoric" or mind numbing effects. It allows me greater latitude of neck movement. It is very evident to me when the medication is wearing off as I can no longer turn my neck more than approximately 25 degrees. This drug has been a lifesaver for me and can sometimes even head off my milder migraines.
Benefits to taking Lipitor was that it helped reduce my total cholesterol numbers.  While that was a positive, the side-effects began to make me question the overall reduction in cholesterol numbers.
The first two days I took this drug the pain went away.  Then, the effectiveness declined rapidly.  I called my doctor and she increased the dosage to 100mg every 6 hours.  This helped for about two days, and then it was back to being ineffective.  





I think this is a rather weak way to manage daily pain associated with IC.
Taking this medication twice a day has kept my blood pressure within the "normal" range; even though I am over-weight. I do exercise everyday, although very minimally. I think it is just the medication that is keeping my blook pressure so low.
My infection cleared up almost before the dosage was done. Has not come back.
reduce high blood pressure.  patient is now receiving good cholesterol readings.  having to take this drug has encouraged the patient to improve on their diet.  they have cut down on fat, salt and sweets.  because of this his health has improved tremendously.
I was experiencing significant, rapid hair loss along the temples and top of the scalp (just behind hairline). My crown was relatively unaffected.





Crown: The same, maybe better





Top of scalp: Exceptional. Considerable regrowth, hair came back thicker.





Hairline/Temples: Considerable re-growth. Not back to "normal", but still very impressive. 





Propecia has shown the most benefit in clinical studies + real world practice in the crown area.


Its benefits are less pronounced as it nears the hairline. This has been my experience.





Hair loss stopped within 6 months,


significant re-growth @ 9 months. 


Re-growth continued thru 18 months, then has pretty much slowed down / stopped.





I have 3 close friends who also take it, all have had excellent.  results.            


         


For all who take Propecia, wait a full year before making a decision to discontinue.
In the beginning of my treatment for type 2 diabetes, I found the benefits of Glucophage or metformin for me to be two-fold.  Number one, metformin did seem to lower my blood sugar over a short amount of time in the beginning.  Number two, as a medication I found necessary in my life, I have found it fairly inexpensive to purchase as a generic drug.
I only noticed a very small benefit from taking Cymbalta for my muscle pain.
I used to break out with shingles and started taking the drug and the outbreaks stopped. After a year, I stopped taking it and whenever I feel like Im getting an outbreak, I take the drug for a few days and it goes away.  I barely get outbreaks anymore.
Helped lower  blood pressure more then just using previous medications.
The benefit that was hoped for was a repigmentation of the skins on my hands.  Apparently my dermatologist had used this treatment on a number of patients and had received a good success rate.  I did not see any benefits over the time I used the product (3 months) but was advised that I needed to continue treatment.
Cleared up the infection.  I had been on a less effective antibiotic a week earlier, which had not worked.
Reduced acid in the stomach and heartburn symptoms associated with acid.
My total cholesterol level dropped from 282 to 150. The niaspan dropped my triglyceride level about 30 points!
This cream preparation worked well, but over the years I ntoiced it was less effective.  I have used it very sparingly but I no linger use it on my hands becaue it causes seems to worsen the condition of the skin to split the skin in inflamed areas after application.  I use weaker hydrocortisone cream on my hands as a last resort.  Luckily that cream is just stron enough to offer some relief.
the side effects put me in hospital and not able to work for weeks.  the gum infection cleared up but this took second place to the concerns during hospitalisation.  i did not bounce back to my usual good health after.
Induces a pleasant intense relaxation. Fall asleep easily but not feel super doped up or hungover in the morning. Prevents laboriously resetting body clock after an all night binge.
Quick decrease in amount of acne; improved skin texture. Overall, the action of the drug was quite quick and effective, and my acne was resolved within the first 2 months of treatment
the product was supposed to control heartburn, but had very little affect, even after 14 days of use.
decreased smoking and the desire to smoke somewhat,  could not get any buzz off of nicotine
reduction of itching which was caused by seasonal allergies.  Itching was primarily on skin around elbows and also sinus congestion.
My cholesterol levels were very high.  Te plan was to take Lipitor for one month and then see if the levels were lower. No benefits were identified because I could not take take  the medicine long enough to get a second  cholesterol test to measure for measuring any decrease in my cholesterol levels.  After having side effects, I did try to lower the dosage to 10m by cutting the pills in half, but still felt the bad effects.
Well, I had no babies. 





Also, skin was a bit clearer and breasts got about half a cup bigger (but that came with the rest of my body getting bigger, too).
The benefits of using minoxidil was the halting of DHT buildup in the scalp around hair follicles. It also improved circulation to the scalp. This encouraged the recovery of thinning hair to become thicker and fuller. This halted hair loss and restored hair to cover up signs of male pattern baldness.
None.  I was told it would take 6 weeks for the medicine to accumulate and become completely effective.  It did not produce any results that were apparent.  Not in inflammation reduction or in pain reduction due to the inflammation were any results ascertainable.  I suffered while waiting for this medication to do anything.  Further, you are told to consume food to protect the lining of your stomach from this medication.  Not always something you want to do when you are experiencing a lot of pain because pain can make you feel like vomiting.
Less tired, less sleepy, more motivated for working and daily chores. Much less of headaches and Fioricet worked better when I had ones.


Naproxen 500 mg relieved the arm pain for 7 hours.
After 12 years of living with anxiety problems I discovered clonazepam and now this is my emergency pill. Fast effects which relaxes me quickly.
There were no benefits. I was repeatedly told it wasn't working because I just hadn't been on it long enough and my dosage wasn't high enough. It did not help the depression at all and it was expensive.
Very heavy smoker.  Was able to reduce smoking to half pack per day in the run up to totally quitting.  Then was able to quit.
Complete relief from pain with one 100 mg tablet. Alleviated the sensitivity to light, noise and nausea. Symptoms would abate in one to two hours.
My heartburn greatly reduced and I could sleep at night so the GERD was successfully addressed.
My doctor has this combined with Hydroxozine and I feel wonderful.  I have taken Paxil, Lexapro and a few others since I was about 12.  I would def. say that this drug combination has worked the best.  The first two weeks I experienced withdrawls from my other med(Lexapro) but after that, I am great and back to new :)
Treatment benefits include clear, glowing skin, regular menstrual cycles, and reliable birth control.
The prickly heat would be cleared up over night. The itch would disappear within a few hours the bumps would loose all redness but would remain slightly raised for a couple of days
no more heartburn, was able to eat without experiencing any further heartburn or reflux. will take the product as a long term solution to acid reflux
Differin has practically eliminated my acne.  I also used it on my forehead, where I have brown spots from a college-days sunburn (appx 10 years ago).  The spots have clearly faded, though are not completely gone.
My father became extremely depressed following his mild stroke. About 2 weeks after we increased the dose from 10-20mg, there was a significant change in his attitude and he embraced life again.
it did help alleviate the depression
eased my anxiety, helped me start going to work more.
It was very good in controlling the panic attacks. Before taking it I was even unable to drive my car down the road without having a panic attack. I worked liked magic from the very first dose. I could resume to being close to feeling like a normal person again.  It worked well for panic attack prevention.
My acne has definatly cleared up and my period is so much better and lighter. unlike all the other adds i had absolutly no bleed through.
None.  Vicodin is a narcotic for severe pain. I was prescribed it after weeks of physical therapy and ibuprophin did not reduce the pain in my shoulder and neck following a ski crash.
the sores disappeared much sooner than with regular treatments (acyclovir) and the pain disappeared the next day.
well it was supposed to stop my painful periods from my endometriosis and its suposed to stop my endometriosis from growing.
I sometimes get hives or sinus type allergies.  When I take this anti-histamine I notice that it works quickly and is very effective for hours.  I never get sleepy like I do with most other over the counter anti-histamines.
Decreased nausea, dizziness when standing, pins and needles sensation. Eyes and Skin less sensitive to sunlight.
I did see improvement in numbness and tinglng in upper extremities. Helps marginally for sleep.
When I first began taking the Ritalin, I noticed a dramatic effect on my mood.  I felt wonderful!  I was energetic and positive and I felt that I could handle anything that came my way.  I don't want to sound as though I felt euphoric or manic - I just felt really GOOD about life.  However, after only a few days, that sense of confident well-being drained away.
it was not good,had to dismiss previous primary doctor&ortopedic surgeon as my best interests were not of thier concern,I now have a new primary doctor&orthopedic surgeon as both knew about fractured clavicle/shouder rotocuff


completely ripped,i now am faced with some life changing desisions with a scambleled mind,would like to warn about some docters that address,medi cal&medicare patients
My anxiety when driving was lowered.
The benefits were that the infection was eleminated. The infection had apparently grown over a period of several months and then reached a point that it suddenly was accute. I say it grew slowly over several months because my abdominal area, even as far up as including my waist, had grown from about 30 inches to about 33 inches and I required clothing two sizes larger. I had become more and more weak but thought that it was my age (even though up until a few months before the swelling started I was still hiking up to 10 or 11 miles a day in the Andes in Chili or in the Canadian Rockies. Weakness had suddenly become so accute that it was causing my heart to labor so much that radio-active dye x-rays were taken of my heart. My abdomin had a sonigram to see if I had ovarian cancer.
NONE!!!!!
Shortened time span of cold sore. 


Sometimes alleviating symptoms entirely.
While on the drug I did not have any large, red acne lesions.
I felt reduced anxiety and compulsions;  less need for perfection;  better able to live with "good enough"; less stress and happier; no more depression.
It cleared up the sinus infection within 2 days.
When I have flareups of pain, taking the meloxicam with the cyclobenzoprine and a good nights sleep would leave me pain free in the morning.
Lunesta allowed me to have a restful nights sleep, every night, even sleeping through "hot flashes."  In combination with cutting out tv at least one hour before bed, a hot bath, and occassionally meditiation - I had a sound sleep and awoke rested and revived.
reduced bleeding and inflamation initially, then less bloating, diareaha and nausea.
temporary relief of reflux symptoms, but severe breakthroughs occasionally still happen.  Have been taking the med for over 4 years but without taking it the symtpoms are definitely worse.  The symptoms were, lump in throat, hoarseness, painful speaking, burning throat, burping, fluids coming back into mouth, pain in the center of the chest.
You do not have to take this medicine with food and there is a much lower risk oh GI upset like you may experience with other antibiotics.
For the first two months it seemed to help, even though the first night on it was the scariest feeling ever. It made me motivated for those two months..
relieved some of the itching
Definitely lifted mood. Helped me feel full and able to turn down unhealthy snacks.  Helped me eat reasonable portions.
Yes very beneficial, although I will discontinue using the cream on face every night and maybe use every other night, until my skin adjusts. I also use the cream on the back of my hands and decollete area, love the results! I can see a HUGE difference in my hands already (probably about 1 month of consistant use) I have a few small sun spots that have lightened significantly, the skin on the back of my hands appears less elephant like ( tough, rough, wrinkling skin) and now appear more smooth, radiant and even toned.My decollete area has also seen great improvment, again more even toned, smooth, I have not seen a great deal of tightening, but I am very happy with the results thus far--- about 1 month of consistant use.
I felt alive again, starting to go out more, spent time doing things I enjoyed had energy to go to the gym for the first time in my life
The benefits were the prevention of seizures following brain surgery
helped me stop smoking.  I have tried to quit cold turking before and used other treatments, like laser and hypnosis.  Neither worked as well as chantix.  For the first time I was able to not have an urge to smoke.  I could see people around me smoking and it didnt cause me to want a cigarette
helped somewhat in minimizing the cravings and anxiety while taking it but still required substantial will power to quit.  Considering the absolute hell I went through to quit I will probably never go back to smoking.
Symptoms were relieved quickly - within 5hrs of taking first dose.
Acne improved within 2 weeks and skin considerably less oily within 1 week.
I began taking the drug to control my Bulimia, which was the main symptom of my depression.  It also helped me stop smoking.
I had suffered from feeling tired all the time and my hair and skin seemed to be dull and dry.  I noticed a remarkable change in my energy level within just a short time ( 7-10 days).  Also the condition of my hair and skin seemed to improve.
The child, who was 3 at a time had huge eczema spots on both arms and legs. No other treatment worked before we started Elocon. With it the spots cleared very soon after starting treatment.
Genotropin-aids in sleep cycle and helps counter the sagging skin & loss of muscle tone lost w/ this illness due to inactivity(see explain. below) also provides overall systemic support (deep sleep & activity stimulate release of hGH; both of which I've lost ability to do). Other P.M. meds address various stages of sleep; clonoapem=stage 1 or quieting down mind & trazadone helps me get deep sleep of which I was totally deprived (when hGH is suppose to be released) of as revealed in sleep study. I now actually fall asleep for more than 2 hr stretches (3-4 hrs now) and can get back to sleep (still need to refine regiment so I can get a normal nights sleep-of greatest importance for healing process). Detrol LA calms the hypersensitivity of the bladder was getting up 4-8 times each night to relieve very small amounts of urine (whole nervous system STUCK in over stimulated state) Gabapentin is a miracle for Restless Legs. A.M. meds. Adderall-some relief from "brain fog"(typical w/ illness) but find it helps keep my blood sugar level more stable and don't reach for as many "sugar fixes" (always suffered from Hypoglycemia but more severe w/ ME/CFS) which results in 20+ lb. weight gain due to inability to be active(another time hGH is released)(post exertional malaise is cornerstone of illness i.e. any exertion beyond minimal causes greater level of illness-leaves me bedridden/sofa-bound for days-weeks-months @ a time) Levothyroxine(spell?)is for Hasimoto's disease (form of hypothyroid) Wellbutrin (now Budipropion[spell?]keeps physiological depression at bay. That's all I can think of for now:(
I used this drug as an alternative to Retin A. In that regards it worked admirably.  Retin A users have a period of almost 3 months where there skin (usually face) is tremendously red.  Tazorac has little of this.  I only would only get this about every 7 days or so and was cured easily with hydrocortisone.
When I began treatment with Enbrel I had moderately severe rhuematoid arthritis with numerous inflamed joints and deformaties in small joints of hands and feet. I have been in remission for more than 2 years - no swollen joints, no progression of or new deformities and no morning fatigue.
None
The treatment benefits from taking 300 milligrams of Bayer aspirin for headache pain were decreased pain. The positive effects for diminishing the pain were noticed in about half an hour to a full hour or so. The headache pain was nearly and sometimes even completely relieved with the Bayer. But, after a few hours or so, the pain would come back and I would have to take more of the drug.
i has severe melasma to the cheeks, top of nose, chin and forehead. Dark spots where reduced to almost nothing!
Helped relieve anxiety
It appeared to attack infection quickly.
Well, there were no benifets cuz it didn't even work for 4 hours after taking it. I was at school and during the lunch break, i took 1 pill. NO RESPONSE. Then after lunch I took another. Then I started getting sick, i had to leave class a few times because i thaught i was gonna puke. My mom picked me up and the pain would come and go and come and go consistantly. When I got home, after about an hour thirty, i felt completly better
Normally takes away a headache with an hour when absolutely nothing else will work.
Hot flashes were totally diminished.
My acne went away. I had horrible cystic acne and it finally went away. It took a bit, but thats fine.
In low doses, this drug does exactly what it says it does - reduces symptons of anxiety.  It is especially helpful for very anxiety-producing situations such as speaking in front of groups, flying, and going into crowded places.  The drug produces a feeling of being more relaxed, and in extremely high anxiety situations (flying), if I take the full dose of .5 mg, it will sleep and wake up with no residual effects.
I was able to get rid of a nasty sinus infection that had been bothering me for over a week
Considerably reduced dry eye and the uncomfortable itchyness that comes with dry eye.  Eye Doctor felt the dry eye was 80% better within 30 days.
The benefits of taking this medication have been that my blood pressure is kept in a safe range.  I did not experience any negative side effects from taking this medication.  The medication came in the form of a small white pill that is easy to swallow.  I would recommend this medication for regulating blood pressure.
The treatment benefits were out of the window as i was prescribed to take diazepam whilst taking Zyban, Zyban advises you not to take Diazepam for instance as one of the contraindicated drugs.
(clonidine)It assisted in lowering my blood pressure by causing me to have a more voluminous (not more frequent)urination,when urged.Also,it aided in- depressing my agonizing hot flashes.They came at sequential intervals at time of menses and would last in that manner until completion of menses.Thereafter,they were intermitten daily.
The benefits were to alleviate menopausal symptoms.  It did a very good job at that.
Completely controlled swelling.
I have had a mild case of blackheads and pimples since I was a child.  Lifelong problem with breakouts and acute problem with rosacea was basically cured, or should I say controlled.  I must continue taking the drug to continue benefits.  If I stop, symptoms reoccur within 4-6 weeks.
Elocon is definetely a very effective drug for treating dermatitis.  It clears up the condition in 4 or 5 days.  See next for side effects.
I did not take the drug long enough to see any substantial beneficial effects
Decreased meal size, felt more satisfied when I ate and felt fuller quicker. Didn't get hunger urges as often and started to loose weight as decreased my calorie intake
I only have mild acne but my skin improved even from that and I noticed more even, bright skin as I continued to use the product.  My skin also felt smoother and softer over time.
Texture of the skin has improved a lot by regularly going for peel sessions and by using the prescribed drugs which has to be used through out the treatment period.
This drug did nothing for my acne condition. I had taken other antibiotics before - tetracycline and erythromycin with varying degrees of success.
Initially, I was started on Niaspan 500 milligrams two times a day to lower my trigylcerides.  My level was over two thousand.  After three months, I went back to my primary care physician for follow-up blood work to check how I am responding to the treatment.  My trigyceride levels improved significantly but was not within normal limits. My triglyceride level was 503.
marginal increase in bone density, however I stopped using it before maximum benefit could be acheived due to adverse side affects.
The medicine worked very well in treating my sinus infection. After just two days of taking it I felt a significant improvement. After 10 days, my sinus infection was completely gone.
the baby was totally cured in 7 days
Yasmin is the fourth birth control pill i've tried and the only one i haven't had to discontinue due to adverse physical and emotional side effects. While on Yasmin I experienced no weight gain or moodiness whatsoever. In addition to preventing pregnancy Yasmin helped to slightly decrease my anxiety levels without a feeling of mania or malaise as is often accompanied by the use of anti-depressants. The pill also seemed to help with breakouts associated with my monthly cycle.
I felt alot better about myself and not feeling depressed all of the time. Overall I do feel better about myself but I don't like the feeling from the side effects from this medication.
I could function normally again, after 6 weeks sick leave, I had a kind of a Burn-out.
Smoother skin and even skin color are the most notable benefits. With continued use, I also noticed a greater firmness to my skin.
The benefits I saw from Retin-A were considerable compared to non prescription skin care. The fine lines especially around my eyes and cheeks diminished and were not as deep. My entire skin tone looked younger, more even toned and my large pores were much less noticeable and more refined. My skin looked much healthier and it looked more soft focus. It took a few months to notice a measurable difference.
Patient complaints prior to drug were menopause related. Inability to sleep, hot flashes, night sweats, lack of concentration (which may have been intensified by lack of sleep), loss of elasticity in the skin. Although the use of the patch has not helped improve my skin (I didn't expect it to) almost immediately sleep was restored, night sweats stopped, and concentration ability returned, although not as completely as pre-menopause.
I was able to hold and wait to use restroom and urges were less frequent.
Well, It made me relaxed during the day, and sometimes be able to be calm. It helped my headaches a lot. I would rate it as a 9 or 10. I would recommend this drug definately!
Complete calming effect very quickly,stops the vicious cycle from physical symtoms back to thoughts in the mind that start it all over again,Exellent drug and highly recomended.For me it made my impossible life possible again but give your body time to ajust to the drug.
affording daily movement and ability to continue to perform daily household duties, employment, and still afford me ability to enjoy activities with husband and grandchildren.
Synthroid replaces the thyroid hormones not manufactured by the body. When proper levels are achieved, the endocrine system operates as it should. Important to note that generic versions CAN NOT be substituted if patient is currently treated with name brand. Start on generic, stay on generic. Start on Synthroid, stay on Synthroid. This is common knowledge among endocrinologists and pharmacists, but your insurance company may interfere.
differin made my skin less oily and shiney and had a very small effect on my large pore size
After the first month it definetely improved my mood and my level of energy.


I became more productive at work and my overall mental health improved.


It also helps a lot with my pre menstrual syndrome anxiety.
The medication stops the pain and puts an end to the condition if taken soon enough
I've been taking for a little over a week. This med suppresses my appetite so much that I have to remind myself to eat and have absolutely no desire for food if I don't eat. I can already tell that I've lost inches and pounds, but I haven't been on the scale to see exactly how much yet. I have only been exercising moderately, although the feeling of energy is incredible and makes me get up and do everything!!! My doctor was cautious in giving to me because of my high blood pressure, but fortunately my BP meds have my condition well under control, so I just keep track of my daily reading to ensure there are no spikes. I feel like this really works so far!
It reduced 90% the swelling in the face over 2 days. On the 3rd morning, I did not take prednisolone but went back to see the doctor as I was afraid of side effects. The doctor agreed that it was ok to stop taking the medication.
BIO estrogen is the only prescription med I take. I'm in good health other than some pesky osteoarthritis in my finger joints and hips.  I eat pretty well and keep my weight within a healthy norm (fluctuates about 10 lbs over a year back and forth depending on how hard I try). Had good blood test results about a year ago - low blood pressure, everything within the normal range for my age.
Well, in a technical sense it helped with the bipolar disorder, but the side effects were terrible enough that I could not continue with the medication.
Acanya Gel treated cystic acne, blackheads, whiteheads, and any inflamed acne on my face. The water-based/fragrance-free gel did not cause ant stinging or burning.


Within in a month, my face is completely clear of all acne. Scars have also faded and smoothed out.
To treat add.  To releave sudden impulsive behavor.  To help me focus on things that I had to do.  To help me retain information that I was studing in school.  To help me stop putting things off that were important for me to finish.  To help improve my relationships.
Convenience, skin cleared up, effective birth control
Phenergan was given to combat nausea due to chemotherapy. Was given one pill in the ER to try and stop vomiting. It did ease the nausea a bit.
I allowed my wrist pain to continue untreated by a physician for a month. With a brace and this medication it is improving. The greatest gift was that my chronic lower back pain has virtually disappeared!I have lived with constant low to medium grade pain (depending on activity level) for YEARS, and something takes that away...me body hasn't felt this "at ease" in years!I only pray that when my wrist is better and I insist on going to half strength, it will continue to ease my back pain.
Dying follicles were reactivated and enlargened so large terminal hairs grew. Vellus hairs were shed and replaced with strong hairs. Hair thickened substantially
I had to wait quite a few month before Accutan had started to work but by the end of the treatment my skin was like a babies. Not oily at all even my pores shrank and there was no acne on my face. The down side was that after not taking the medicine any more after a couple of month with great skin the acne has started to come back.
Although Topamax is an anti-epileptic, which is more commonly perscribed for the treatment of migrains...it had a substancial benefit to my OCD symptoms.  It significantlly reduced my desire (or calling) to repeat (recheck, recount, retouch) items, which was a huge issue for me.  In the past, it would take me hours to complete the most mundane tasks, but with the Topamax, I can more easily "let go" of certain rituals and walk away feeling "complete" without having to repeat them countless times...
Made my panic attacks less frequent and less intense. Sometimes felt happy for no reason, in a good way, which helped alleviate some of my anxiety and stopped my worrying so much.
this birth control pills helps your skin if u are someone who breaks out often
The Naproxin has reduced the tendonitis pain enough to allow me to continue my work waitressing.
the drug worked usually by the second dose.  My daughter was up and around and feeling better immediatley it seemed.  It had no side effects that she ever had.  She could either take it on a full tomach or empty one.
I have not noticed any benefits so far.  My weight has remaind the same.  The depression has not gotten noticeably better, and fatigue continues to be a problem.
No more painful debilitating monthly cycles, complete with life destroying rollercoaster like mood swings.  Seems to work great for people with these particular problems (my sister has amenorrhea and had a horrible reaction, the never ending monthly cycle).  For me its life altering.  I actually kept a job for 8 years instead of two months.  I can not imaging my life without taking the depot injection.  I only wish I could learn more about why this balance of hormones actually helped with what seemed to be a debilitating mental disorder, and could slight alterations help with my depression (which I had well before I ever took this drug)
THE PILL WORKED VERY WELL WITH MY BODY. IT DIDN'T HAVE ANY SIDE EFFECTS ON ME LIKE SOME OTHER BIRTH CONTRACEPTION PILLS
none
weight loss was the major benefit of approximately 8-10 pounds.  it also improved my LDL and HDL cholesterol and also triglycerides.  my hemoglobin a1c also improved.  my fasting blood sugar only marginally improved.  pulse and blood pressure stayed the same.
Reduced pain almot always, except when severe spasims occured.
I had increased stamina, anemia went away, heavy menses improved from anemia being treated.  My hair grew thicker as much of it had fallen out.  My dry skin was much improved.  I had a huge improvement in clarity of thought.  My tongue seemed previously swollen and I could enunciate much more effectively.
ability to stay awake, focus, do daily household chores, run needed errands & helped my organizational skills as far as bills
Respiratory symptoms markedly improved
Helped relax muscles in face, thereby relieving TMJ and reducing pain.
Taking the provigil has allowed me to keep working fulltime; otherwise I wouldn't be able to function well due to the extreme constant fatigue I experience related to MS. My neurologist suggested I try this.  It has helped considerably during the daytime with my concentration level and also has helped me to stay focused.
I would have rather endured the flu. this was an experience like no other for me. i was out of work and unable to care for my child. not recommended unless life threatening illness.
Was taking this drug for herpes suppression.  It is recommended by some to take an antiviral for one year after the initial outbreak so as to have less outbreaks over one's lifetime.  I did get an outbreak while on the drug, however it was during a very stressful time so that is understandable.  Also, it is nice that only one dose is needed per day for most people.
none apparent
NONE AT ALL
Taking Wellbutrin has reduced my depression 8 fold.  I was better able to cope with every day decisions, events that stressed me with out crying or having angry episodes.  My moods have become stabilized since about a month after the start of taking this medicine.
good considering dosage.  taken many different anti-epileptic drugs over the last 14yrs(accident)


lamictal 100% better regarding physical problems (constant headaches etc).  mental side-effects difficult to say considering age!  december 2006, after 14yrs with no physical epileptic incidents, just regular encephalegrams, i decided to stop topiramate which gave headaches. 6 mths later lost consciousnes, back onto drugs. first, keppra, which i liked. felt no side effects, just felt total relaxation and no epileptic problems. specialist didn't like this total relaxation, changed to lamictal. didn't like it at all at first,many side effectsme before arriving at 125 mg had a series of losing consciousness(never convulsions).  now i can say that my mental and physical states have adapted to this lamictal. certainly no constant headache.
Increased energy; I happened to be without the drug for one week, and felt absolutely terrible - like I was completely knocked down.
I was a post cardiac ablation patient with breathing difficulty from reactive airway disease (RADS) and a fast heart rate. Docs prescribed Ativan 1 mg per day to ease breathing. It did help ease feelings of suffocation.
The treatment benfits were to heal bacteria from surgery.  I was told to take the pills immediately starting the day after surgery.
increased energy, depression gone
less noticable fine lines and blotchiness. skin appeared clearer and smoother. in addition skin appeared plumper. The brown spots would be less noticable as long as I was using the cream consistantly.
weight loss, increased energy, better outlook on life, decreased anxiety, no longer have panic attacks, no longer feel depressed and in general feel happy and more content with life. My energy level has sky rocketed and my ability to be mentally focused is much better. My TSH went from 6.29 to .6. My T3 and T4 uptake are within the normal ranges.
I have always tried to lose 20-30 pounds and had no luck.  A friend of mine used Adipex (Phentermine) and lost 40 pounds in 4 months so I had to try it.  I started taking it last October 08 and by Christmas I had to buy all new pants because my other ones were WAY too big.  Total I lost 25 pounds and am now 130. I just started taking it again after being off of it for 3 months because I didnt want to get too addicted which I know you can from this drug, and you also build up an immunity to it, which I also did. Overall though, it definitely works to loose weight, my sister-in-law, my best friend, and my sister all took it and my sister lost the least so far(only been on it for 1 month) with 15 pounds.
I noticed a significant improvement in my acne.
Although it is essential to take the medication for the full 90 days, after one week I noticed that the skin on my affected foot was looking much better. I had years of tough, thick, dry, flaky skin on my heel and pads under my toes. As each week passed, this condition continued to improve. Almost from day one I did not experience any itchy toes or feet. At the end of the 90 days, I could see healthy nails growing up from the cuticle, although it will take several more months for the entire toe-nail on each affected toe to grow long enough that I can cut away the damaged nail.
Improved mood after trying several other SSRI's. Had tried Prozac and Wellbutrin and got no effect from them. I was able to function better. I was not ecstatic, but was functional and less prone to negative thinking.
Cleared up my acne and brightened my skin overall; slightly reduced fine lines.  Aside from acne, it seemed to help my skin in general.  This is by far the best acne treatment I've used.  Now I use it for overall skin appearance (not just for acne).
I have been on Paxil or generics for 9 years after a life-time of panic attacks. My attacks subsided immediately and though they recur every so often the relief has been a godsend. Even as a highly-productive and involved person it has been a lifetime of quiet fear that at any moment I would have these horrific feelings of losing my self and being depersonalized out of my body. As a few others have noted, the most common location for instant attacks is while driving. Paxil has calmed much of my life-long anxiety. I am a calmer and more socially comfortable person.
It seemed to help with the joint inflamation. Some swelling of ankles was reduced and I didn't seem as achey. I tried several sample medications first like celebrex but I liked the Mobic best. I have not gone off of it since I started to really know if it makes a difference.
Prevention of pregnancy. I used to insert in my vagina the nuvaring and I had my period just in time. I always knew what day my period was coming.
Immediately ameliorated symptoms and extremely efficacious when used prophylactically
Marked adjustment in level of depression within one month. Continued benefits through following years of usage.
It works great, no asthma symptoms.
Improved exercise tolerance. Stopped coughing up blood. Improvement in chest pain.
Drug did take away pain quickly; easy to take, not contraindicative with muscle relaxers or codeine allergy.
4 periods a year
I took vicodin for pain in my wrist but i had to stop because it would give me a headache everytime i took it. So i can't really say there were any benefits to it, because eventough it helped with the wrist pain, the headaches were worse.
With the Topamax alone, and not myself consciously changing any of my dietary habits or exercising, I lost about 10% of my body weight in the first two months of treatment. It was like a tiny switch in my brain was flipped and I just didn't crave gargantuan massive quantities of horrible-for-you food. Not that food didn't taste good, or I wasn't hungry, I just filled up really quickly, and nothing seemed any more appealing than anything else. So when you're not just going off whatever looks yummy at that exact second and you actually stop and think about what you're about to eat, you tend to choose something a tad bit healthier and less caloric. Combine that with the fact that it would take about half the amount to fill me up, and there you have your weight loss.
normal thrombosin level within 6 weeks
This medication helped me marginally to focus better and was somewhat more energetic.
no headaches and better quality of life  great at treating headaches
My pain in my head was gone after 5 days of taking this medicine. I feel so much better right now. I would recommend this medicine other than Amoxicillin, or any other antibiotic.
heartburn was usually decreased significately if not totally
I felt a bit calmer and had a little less mania, but it did not help much.
It lifted my depression without any noticeable side effects which I had experienced with every other anti-depressant I had taken.
It was supposed to stop the hot flashes that were keeping me awake at night.
i had become unable to drive any further than 1/2 mile to my job and no further without suffering serious anxiety attacks.  after a little over a week on the medication, i was able to drive in heavy traffic, and basically anywhere i needed to go.  my life has become my own again
It helped me sleep, which at the time was miraculous.
effective for falling and staying asleep
Lamictal balanced moods without making me sluggish or slowing me down. I still have the highs and but they aren't drastically manically high.
The benefits of using Tretinoin were great. First of all I noticed that my skin started glowing and my acne diminished greatly. But I had to be very patient because the results were not immediate. Continued use of the medicine rendered amazing results. My skin is a lot more smoother, healthier, and brighter.
Birth control, more mild and regular menstruation
The benefits was getting off of drugs.  I go to a methadone clinic and i PAY $13 a day and i have for the last seven years.  It helped me get off of Oxycotin's, but i would NOT recommend staying on it for long..  Because methadone is more addictive than pain pills.
I ahve three sleep disorders: sleep apnea due to closing up of my throat (anatomical), restless leg syndrome and the worst one, hypersomnia -- tired much of the time with no explanation. I tried this drug - sent directly to the home and only with approved diagnosis (I am just short of narcolepsy) - to see if I would feel rested when I awoke. I did for one day but then the effects did not continue with each successive night. Sounds strange, I know, but that is what happened.
Migraines diminished and appetite diminished, resulting in lost weight.
Wellbutrin XL was the only anti-depressant I tried that I could take without noticable side effects. A big contributer to my depression was weight gain that accompanied it, and as a result my doctor prescribed wellbutrin because typically the patient either stays the same or loses weight will taking it, as opposed to almost every other anti-depressent which can cause weight gain.
No treatment benefits
The drug did lower the blood cholesterol effectively.
Cleared upper respitory infection and strep throat
ALSO HELPED WITH HOT FLASHES. IT ALLOWED FOR ME TO CARRY ON WITH NORMAL ACTIVITIES.
Acid reflux ceased to exist when taking Prilosec.
Depression has cleared up quite miraculously.
It helped greatly with depression but had immediate sexual side effects.
cancer is gone
This drug has done wonders to help me get the much needed rest I have needed.  Before I started taking this drug, I spent many nights not receiving the rest I needed.  I have not experienced any negative side effects of this drug.  It works quickly, within half an hour and I have been able to stay asleep throughout the night.
Takes about 3 months to show results, but cleared up my skin, reduced overall oiliness and enlarged pores, and eliminated my very greasy hair, caused by excess oil on my scalp. My skin looked hydrated, clarity was good and the improvement was constant with no variations after the first 3 months. Also contributed a significant improvement to my libido.
Due to extensive varicose veins, I was in pain, especially when standing. They were physically embarassing and I could not even wear sheer pantyhose. The surgery would eliminate pain and the ugliness.   I was told to take the drug before surgery to minimize swelling and to minimize pain. I do not like to introduce drugs into my body unless an emergency so I did not take it before the surgery, instead opting for Bromelain enzyme, ginger and tumeric to reduce swelling.
I got up and felt better in the morning, then as the day went on I felt more and more lethargic so I dont know if I was taking the right amount or if it was the drug. I then took it twice a day but it did not seem to help my lethargy
I experienced weight loss, improved insulin sensitivity, increased energy and decreased carbohydrate cravings during the course of the day.
no positive benefits
Taken only four days... not tested for benefits
The benefits are that being on Neurontin with the Lidoderm Patch 5%, it has helped to give me a much better quality of life.  My pain is significantly reduced because of these two medications, though not completely gone.  The side effects, to my knowledge, have been minimal, especially compared to what it could be without these medications.  Could a different medication work better?  Maybe.
In saw immediate improvement in the clearing of my acne within the first week.
It relaxed the spasm's in my back and neck, if not completely, at least  by 50-70 percent.  The best thing about this drug is that you can take it at work or during the day, and it does not make you drowsey or loopy.
Avoidance of infection.
none,pressure never came down to acceptable range and had wide swings throughout the day
Since I tried to avoid the GI effect of Motrin, or celebrex if used too long, the tramadol seemed a good alterntive.  I took it in the morning, and it generally seemed to energize me enough so that I stayed active, and if it didn't relieve the pain, It seemed to keep me from thinking about it and I remained busy.
Virtually nil. PLEASE< PLEASE read on....
Helps me to sleep although does NOT help RLS.  I sleep through the night now with requip to still my legs and trazodone to help me sleep.  It has made a HUGE difference.  I went through a sleep study prior to taking these meds and it turned out I was not getting any sustained deep sleep.
It drastically reduced breakouts all over my body therefore I did not constantly have flu like symptoms because of the breakouts. So even under stressful life events which usually results with a breakout the Valtrax stopped or reduced the frequency of breakouts. So far I have only been taking 1 per day and I have not had any breakouts for a month.
The first five days I felt amazing and I have had great sleeps for the 16 days.
Less fatigue, less weight unaccountable weight gain, less hair fall-out.
The synthroid medication did, for most of the ten years while I took it, keep my thyroid levels where they were supposed to be.
Within a few weeks of starting, my pressure was under control and has remained that way for over 5 years.
The benefits of using Tretinoin were great. First of all I noticed that my skin started glowing and my acne diminished greatly. But I had to be very patient because the results were not immediate. Continued use of the medicine rendered amazing results. My skin is a lot more smoother, healthier, and brighter.
My ability to focus improved and I was overall calmer.
I have found Valium to be a godsend. It helps stave off migraine attacks, it helps me get to sleep when I have insomnia, and it relaxes  the muscles in my back when I get spasms. I use it sparingly, only when I really need it, (about 2-3 times a week ) and I have not found it to be addictive at all. I actually find it to be relatively mild, and I think it's over-regulated.
It cleared up my coughing within 2 days.  I could sleep far better at night.
REDUCED AMOUNT OF CYSTIC ACNE
there were no treatment benifits that I could desern because I quit taking the drug because of the severe side effects
My blood pressure readings have improved.
No benefit at all
I had some experience with Retin-A when I was a teenager in the mid 90's.  My mom and I have the same type of skin - we both have some degree of acne as adults.  In the 90's my Mom started using Retin-A to control this and apparently it worked well, so I tried it (her prescription) as a teenager and it just irritated my face , making it red and eventually flaky.  The drug is certainly powerful.  I am sure I would have benefited from continued use but I didn't.  Now, approaching 30, I still have some acne and am starting to think any acne whatsoever is unacceptable.  Reviewing options, Retin-A seems top on the list.  I have read that retinol is a distant second.  However, I am hesitant because of the inevitable initial irritation and flakyness associated with Retin-A.
stomach pains lesson over time it would take around 4/5 days to start working.


was told by the doctor not to use the medication for years but for one to two months at a time.
depression lessened
Lost 30 lbs in first month of treatment. Portion size was easy to control. If busy I sometimes forgot to eat. Mood was slightly altered for the first week - I was more patient - but this was short term. This medication has changed my relationship with food and I feel in control.
Boosted my mood a fair amount. My MD chose this med because I was having significant insomnia, and it definitely helped that, which was great.
I have had severe migraines for over 20 years. Since taking the amitriptyline my migraines have decreased to once or twice every six months! As long as I take the "elavil" and watch for triggers I am now in control of my migraines and not the other way around.
The treatment benefits of taking predisone for asthama were that it reduced the inflammation and eased breathing.  Although steroids are being scrutinized in the media at this time, they do have a place in the treatment of life threatening episodes of asthma and other diseases that casue severe inflammation.  I do not care to be on prednisone for any period of time, however, breathing is necessary to life and the prednisone offers a quick relief of the symptoms.
Normal blood pressure
Patient had tried Synthroid, and one other with Iodine which I cannot remember name of(came from pigs). I however did not ever feel any different or better from taking. Was looking to increse energy levels so tried Levothyroxine.
I felt less anxiety and fewer down moods.
I had no benefits
Ever since I was littel I would use albuterol at night about once a week when needed because my breathing was so bad.  Ever since I've been on advair, I no longer need albuterol.  My breathing is stronger according to doctors and I enjoy exercise without having breathing complications.
The product did lighten the skin, which was the desired results. The was some redness and skin warming, but those side effects were tolerable.
Effective birth control
I slept well while on clarithromycin, my fatigue decreased, my intellectual function improved, and my energy level increased.
Deeper/more restful sleep........overall feeling of wellbeing.......minimized hot flashes
Cialis taken as prescribed. Had immediate postitive effect as promised, strong, long-lasting erection. Intercourse possible for long period of time- approx 2 days. Had no side-effects at all. Am very satisfied and recommend.
My allergy symptoms got much better. But thats what one would expect. There is not much more to say, i am just filling the "50 words", so go on reading.
I now have more energy, better focus, better weight control, less hypglycemia, feel more upbeat, less prone to depression.  I can work more efficiently now, can get through my day without feeling like I need to lie down on the floor and sleep!
benefits included stopping hot flashes,night sweats, hair loss, and it made my skin more supple and much less dry.
I have more energy and I feel better.
Immediately felt like "the cloud had lifted." Anxiety essentially disappeared and life really did get easier. Removed the sense of "running in concrete."
My son had a definite and rather dramatic increase in his ability to focus at school, complete his homework and we even saw a difference in his sports performance.  He went from grades averaging C's, with some lower, to A & B's for most classes within just a couple of months.  Even his teachers were very impressed with the difference, and my son's confidence improved tremendously.
This drug helped me to be able to fall sleep during an extremely stressful period in my life when I simply could not fall asleep.  I had tried many herbal sleep remedies, homeopathics, melatonin supplements, acupuncture and so forth, but the Serax was the only thing that helped me.  Initially during treatment I would be able to sleep 4-6 hours which was a huge benefit to me as I was exhausted from insomnia and stress.
none
The benefits of taking Zomig are suppression of migraine/headache pain for at least 12-24 hours.  Sometimes the migraine would return after this time but usually it went away completely until the next attack.
The benefits are numerous. With the Geodon I haven't suffered from a bout of depression in app. 2 1/2 yrs.. Before the Geodon I suffered from depression for months at a time. I haven't been or felt suicidal at all since beginning the drug. With Geodon I am on an even keel. By that I mean that I do not suffer from the peaks and valleys of typical bi-polar disorder. I no longer have manic episodes for days and then sink into a dark depression. It has made most of my bi-polar traits go away.
The best , BEST thing about Wellbutrin is that I have my sex drive back fully and I am realizing how much I missed it. That has been fantastic. I have noticed some appetite suppression too, which seems to sort of come and go, but it's definitely a welcome side effect. I have been able to get A LOT done at work, which is never a bad thing, but it's also unpredictable thus far. I also enjoy not having to deal with the nausea and overall sickness I would experience if I missed a dose of Zoloft.
The benefits of percocet were that it did take away my pain from my knee surgery, but I felt it needed to be stronger toward the end of the 5 hours.
this was the only ointment that improved my psoriasis.  I applied the ointment to my patches of psoriasis and felt immediate relief of the burning and itching associated with psoriasis
Reduction in pain. It pretty much wiped out the pain.
While taking Effexor at the 37.5mg dose, I have noticed some improvement in my mood stability throughout the morning.  I felt less anxious during the day, but anxiety creeps in again towards the night.  Although I felt MUCH happier and more like my "old" self on the higher dose, the 37.5mg dose allowed me to sleep the night, which was not possible at the higher dose.
As I  was able to relax my headache  almost disappeared. The headache was due to stiff jaw syndrome. The symptoms should ease after two months but I feel relief the first day I start taking medicine. I was able to concentrate again and the most important I did not feel tired.
Never had a problem falling asleep but would wake to early and Trazodone makes me sleep thru the night without waking early and after 7 to 9 hours of sleep I feel fine in the morning. Wonder drug where I've never had to increase the dosage for same effect over 18 years.
Provided increased alertness and perceived cognitive enhancement. Helped me maintain focus and motivation at work. I still drank coffee throughout the day but it was significantly less with Provigil. Prior to Provigil I was prescribed Adderall XR 20 mg. which really had a negative effect on my duty performance. I had TOO much energy and jitters and could not focus on anything for more than 5 minutes. The opposite of what it was prescribed for.
longer,thicker,darker lashes,as well I applied it on the eyebrows
I was on YAZ for over a year, played on three soccer teams (two were for high school) and still gained 5 lbs. After i switched to seasonique a few weeks ago, i lost my appetite and lost weight. I dont eat nearly as much now. Im 5'0'' and before i switched i used to weigh roughly around 115... now im sticking around 105. i have no experience with the bad side effects with seasonique
even when i have a low day prozac made me still be able to laugh at funny fings, where as before wen i was nt on dem, if i had a low day nothing would make me smile.  I sleep less on them.
Instant calm. During a panic attack my heart would race, I had numbness and tingling in my fingers, and my vision would "grey out" like I was going to pass out. As if that wasn't enough fun I experienced shortness of breath, too. Now when I have a panic attack I take 1/2 of a 1 mg pill and within minutes I am calm and focused.
Wrinkles did disapear, but there was bruising and swelling. It did reduce after a few days, and I noticed the inability to move the muscles in my forehead and around my mouth.
easing of arthritis symptoms, helped alleviate "flu-like feeling".
I now lost 6 kg during 3 months and I can now wear my favorite dress without any hassles.
The depression was treated effectively. I felt more normal shortly after starting treatment.
I had to stop the medicine because of the side effects and he got sicker (I know you aren't supposed to stop antibiotics for this exact reason).  He ended up on another antibiotic that worked well.
Made dental implants possible
it gave me back my life. Since taking this my brain chemicals are balanced. Several times I have tapered down and twice, off, and the effects have been terrible. For me, I have a depression that cycles me into such a deep dark place that it is terrifying. I was suicidal and had great despair. THe only thing that changed was taking this medication. I know it does't work for everyone but for me, it waas and continues to be a lifesaver. I am very very thankful everyday.
My migraine intensed but then subsided within 2 hours of taking this medication.
Urinary frequency and urgency have been substantially reduced; I have a vastly improved lifestyle because these problems no longer inhibit my activities.
Significantly and quickly reduced anxiety (within 2 weeks). In turn, digestive problems (IBS) related to anxiety were significantly improved. Greatly improved my quality of life.
Blood tests taken after 3 months showed reduced choloesterol, LDL and increased HDL My initial levels were not terribly elevated but are now totally normal. When I tried going off the medication for a few months my cholesterol went up again. I then returned to taking the pills. I watch my diet carefully and take omega 3 but it has not lowered my cholesterol sufficiently.
treatment reduce the number and frequency of breakout, and blackheads.  also helped to speed healing of acne and reduce fine lines. skin was smoother, complexion more even in color and pore size seemed to be reduce.  as a result the overall appearance of the skin was greatly improved.
My acne cleared within one to two months and did not return while I was taking the drug.
serum cholesterol lowered from 320 (combined ldl and hdl) to 188 after six months of initiated treatment.  Cholesterol levels high due to genetic predisposition.  Patient is petite (5'1" and 110lbs) and physically active.
Kept me knumb to deal with problems and issues
Cholesterol went from 265 to 199.  Lost 32 lbs. in 3 months.
i used the drug for acne. after 2 weeks of use i noticed fewer pimples with lessening severity. after 1 month all pimples were gone.
softer clearer skin. noticed skin got worse in the beginning but then it go better. Skin got fairer.
paxil took away my anxiety and made me feel very comfortable on social gatherings.  took away my depression also.
There were some good benefits, such as it would relax me and was able to get a good nights sleep.I felt more confident when taking this drug as it dulls your senses and changes everything into a positive.After a couple of months I became dependant on xanax as it made me feel good about myself.
increased energy (moderate), weight stabilized
Held me in a deep sleep and my muscle pain subsided.
cleared the face of acne and some improved appearance of scars
THE BENEFITS WERE NONE.  HOWEVER, IT DID NOT CAUSE ME ANY DIFFICULTIES OR SIDE EFFECTS.  I APPROVED OF THE IDEA OF TAKING THE MEDICATION TO REDUCE MY GENERAL LOW LEVEL ANXIETY AS AN ADDITIONAL TREATMENT TO LOWERING MY HIGH BLOOD PRESSURE. BUT I EXPERIENCED NO IMPROVEMENTS AT THIS DOSE.
The drug helped elminate most of the discharge and healed my yeast infection mostly.
The treatment benefits include less shakiness, stable mood, calm stomach and overall stability.
Alleviated pain in the affected area of the arm. Reduced all other symptoms also of Chronic Regional Pain Syndrome. Allowed me to get a good noghts sleep without waking and needing to shower due to excessive sweating which is symptomatic of the condition.
my hdl has gone up. i am still taking niaspan and feel like it is helping.
Improved mood. I suffered for 20 years with depression and anxiety and minor mood swings.  Since taking the current medications I have a much more stabel mood.  I occasionally have days with more depression.  Before taking the meds, I was almost non functional, not wanting to do anything, feeling helpless and hopeless and at times suicidal.  Now, I rarely ever have even fleeting thoughts of that.
Effective in reducing hypertension from previous approximately 170/85 to less than 150/65 and now even less at approximately 130/65
Decent hair growth and consistent prevention of futher hair loss.
Within minutes, migraine disappears 98% of the time.  If I wait too long to take medication, it reduces the chances of eliminating the migraine.  Without Zomig, I would have a lot of sick days from work.
initial drowsiness
Helped with clearing up my skin and keeping in clear.  It also helped with fine lines around the eyes and mouth.
releaved fluid so i could breath better
able to function, get out of be for work, be sociable, etc. better sleep at night
Reduced swelling and pain.
This took all my depression. I fought suicide constantly, read self help books, went to therapy, etc. I took this pill and noticed suicide never ever crossed my mind. In fact, I felt normal for the first time in my life. I was diagnosed with kidney cancer shortly after and a biopsy from hell that has made me almost homebound and terribly disabled. Yet, I don't have depression. I have every other emotion. I definitely learned quick that sadness is NOT depression.
Allergy symptoms subsided fairly quickly.
Totally stopped my allergy symptoms during the fall and spring
It did lower my BP some
stopped symptoms within 1-2 days
Reduced BP a few points.
none - the benefit was supposed to be due to the fact that it wasn't a steroid cream
My son suffered from headaches that would really affect his daily activities. He was prescribed the Nasonex to control his allergies and reduce his sinus symptoms that may have been contributing to his headaches. After about 2 weeks of daily use of the nasonex, his headaches were occurring siginificantly less often and he felt much relief. He was able to reduce his use of ibuprofen which I was really glad for because I worried that he may have rebound headaches from over-use of ibuprofen. I also worried that he may develop an ulcer from using the NSAID's so frequently. He was also able to get a better nights sleep. That improved his performance at school and his general energy level. Previously he was always tired during the day, after he started taking the nasonex continuously, as directed, he felt more energetic, and had many less headaches, too.
There were no benefits of taking this medicine unless you count the fact that now I know I should NEVER take this medicine again. I'm severely allergic to it.
decreased anxiety


less insomnia
significantly improved dryness of eyes
Decreased lethargy and "overwhelmed" feeling, increased focus and energy. Did not give me a jittery feeling like adderol.  The doctor said that the medication should wear off in about 12 hours after taking it.  This is true for the increased energy but I notice increased focus and decreased lethargy until I go to bed. No trouble getting to sleep.  


Nice unexpected effect: increased desire and ease of "connecting" with freinds and family.
Reduced sneezing to minimum without making me tired. It worked for my indoor allergies as well as my outdoor allergies
eventual reduction in acne
2blood preasure meds and still prescribed 1 more
suppose to stop my watery eyes. Had little or no effect
This does actually help calm you down and help you concentrate. My grades went upby a lot. I was calm and was doing much better on it (much better reffering to the ADD treatment) but there are so many negative side effects. In a way I regret ever taking it.
Overall mood was enhanced for a few months, then benefits plateaued and disappeared.
reduced the pain and swelling
smoother skin
so far combo of spirolonactone and yasmin has regulate my periods, however i have not seen any improvement on acne nor any decrease in facial hair
It gave moderate relief to the sciatic nerve pain I was experiencing.  As the severity of the pain lessened, it could totally ease the pain.
reduced acne breakout, redness from breakout went away quickly, smoother skin
Until Remicade, I wasn't able to sleep without waking from the pain of moving my legs, so I exstatic about that relief.  I no longer have any stiffness, except for when its cold or if I grip something for a while, but it doesn't last for hours like it used to.  The swelling in my joints has signficantly decreased.  Unfortunately, the medicine has not stopped my flare-ups, which only last for a 2-4mnths at a time on a finger joint or toe joint.  Nor has it prevented osteoarthritis in my feet.  I am also struggling to find that right dose that helps with the fatigue.
none.
The benefits were almost non-existent. I had taken this med before after a terrible car accident and therefore felt secure enough to take it again this time. However after only one day medicine stopped being effective.
no period since on Danazol which is good for endometriosis.


the cyst on ovary did not grow since on Danazol.


the side effects are tolerable, do not seem to interfere with daily life.
Very rapid reduction in wheezing and coughing.
Long-term mild to good relief from the worst aspects of depression.  Provided a "floor" to my mood and I never go below that.  Prior to Effexor (and before that, Prozac) I had frequent periods of suicidality.  I still often get very depressed but am much more functional and my behavior has stabilized.
Long-time smokers finally have something to help them stop smoking and not have the headaches and the withdrawals!
I only took it one time, and experienced a side effect (dry mouth). Did not really kick in, but I guess this med. is not supposed to work immediately
The skin texture appears improved after only 4 weeks of use. I have much acne less breakouts and day by day I see a steady improvement. My skin is much smoother than before and starts having a beautiful glow (which it hasn't had in years!)
Exfoliates the skin. It is said to prevent or treat acne and acne scars. whether this is true is questionable.
This medication provided me with total relief from heartburn. It is normally taken  daily, 1/2 hour before breakfast.
reduced the intensity of the pain and allowed for rest to recuperate
Reduce the osteoporosis
I have found that I have been able to sleep better and my thoughts do not race like they did when I was not taking the lithium.  It has not made me as tired or hungry as other meds have which was a welcome surprise.  Still not able to focus as well as I had hoped.  I work full-time and hold an aditional part-time job and was worried that I was not going to be able to continue with these prior to beginning with this treatment.  I have been managing better since taking the lithium.
It seemed to stabilize my metabolism.
I had severe acne for many years and I was sort of living with it without seeking cures seriously. I tried a couple of other anti-biotics before but not very diligently. I started to be more disciplined and actually took Keflex every day. In the beginning I was also taking Apri the birth control pill. I took both for a couple of months and my face started to be better in a week or two and completely cleared in a couple of months - which made me so much happier with my life. Then I stop Apri, and I continued with Keflex. And it seems that if I stop Keflex, my acne will come back a little. So I have not tried stoping Keflex for more than a week or two. I am a little concerned with the long term side effects of Keflex although I am not sure whether there should be any. I think I will continue taking Keflex and I will also ask my docotor to test blood or any other things that I should be cautious of.
The benefits if I had continued to take the Malarone for the entire two weeks would have been to not contract Malaria.  But the side effects were severe enough that I discontinued treatment and followed other preventative measures.
Periods became lighter and more regular, acne lessened as well.
As an RN for 14 years, I was familiar with Detrol LA and why it was prescribed for me.  I was diagnosed two years ago with Multiple Sclerosis and have a spastic bladder.  Soon after being prescribed Detrol LA, I had a definite decrease in urination frequency.  However, after about six months, my urinary habits returned to pre-medication levels.  I void every two hours.  About one year ago, I stopped taking Detrol LA for two months, thinking that giving my bladder a break from the med would help.  I then restarted Detrol LA and noticed no difference.  I am seriously thinking about stopping the medication.  It is essentially useless.
Total resolution of "globus" feeling in throat that was causing difficulty with singing and swallowing.  Also, resolution of sore throat and hoarse voice that I had waked up with for many years.
quick relief, quick relief, quick relief, quick relief, quick relief, quick relief, quick relief. quick relief, quick relief, quick relief, quick relief, quick relief, quick relief, quick relief, quick relief, quick relief, quick relief. quick relief, quick relief, quick relief, quick relief, quick relief, quick relief, quick relief, quick relief, quick relief, quick relief. quick relief, quick relief, quick relief
I have been SUFFERING with pain almost every day of my life since I went to the dentist and my TMJ was diagnosed. I couldn't find anything to help me with the pain and found this medical condition debilitating. Insurance won't pay for specialists and/or treatments for this condition. My PCP gave me a prescription for this medication and it so far has really really helped the pain. I take it twice a day with a meal (Very important) and the pain level has decreased so much! I know everyone's condition effects them differently but after trying over the counter medications as well as Pain medication prescribed by my PCP this has been the most helpful so far. Thank you Meloxicam!
Increased learning capability + focus, happier
I was prescribed Norvasc by my cardiologist because I kept having left sided chest pain. My doctor stated it wasn't angina because i'm so young. I had an echo and stress test which were all normal. each day after taking the pill, i find relief in the chest pain for a while, but then after about an hour it will sometimes come back. I have noticed increase in headaches since taking this med which i went to see a neurologist who wanted me to take neurontin but I refuse to take. He stated the headaches have nothing to do with the heart, but i disagree because when i have this chest pain, the headaches usually are there to, and when the chest pain isn't there, the headache isn't there.
My cholesterol was significantly lowered.  From 230 to about 170.  The ratio was excellent.  This effect has consistently been monitored and remains steady.
The number one benefit was that it helped with the mood swings.  I no longer felt like I was having a mental breakdown.  I felt like I have had more control over my emotions, being that I could be upset and crying one minute and then just fine the next.
My skin has melasma so the treatment was supposed to clear up the brown spots mostly over my cheeks and nose. I didn't have a good experience since those signs are still there.
It helped with the muscle pain for most of the day.
Quality of life improved 10 fold.  Able to follow through with hobbies and interests as well as work.  Before treatment, memory was nonexistent. After treatment not only could I remember things but time itself changed.  Time seemed to move faster.  The body, down to a cellular level, processes toxins faster so skin becomes clear and perfect.
I can not say I can recall any positive benefits.
elevation of mood and clarity of thought.  Progress stalled out at 300 mg, but with increase to 450 mg can tell the difference.  I'm able to finally think and plan ahead and chip away at all the clutter I've not been able to deal with which accumulated while depressed.
To Date Improvements I've noted (but confirmed by closest): Seizures viewed much fewer & shorter.  50% of the seizures merely feelings & no communication loss.  Much more clarity, energy & strength, alertness vs. drowsiness.  Moods much better with smiling even during difficult times.
elevation of mood and clarity of thought.  Progress stalled out at 300 mg, but with increase to 450 mg can tell the difference.  I'm able to finally think and plan ahead and chip away at all the clutter I've not been able to deal with which accumulated while depressed.
I am DEFINITELY more able to manage my emotions and feelings. I can speak on the telephone to people, be in person around people I've never met, and function in society in general. This doesn't sound like a big feat, but I had crippling anxiety and it's a giant step for me.
the treatment benefits were good because i had mrsa and have for my 3rd time in 2 1/2 months.the itchyness goes away,quick working,and does work.though i feel with mrsa,treatment should be longer,and a slightly higher dose.due to the chance it not being wiped out of body entirely.the 2nd time i got mrsa,it took care of it,but not entirely.made boil the size of a sand grain ,or rice maybe?!..now on it again,for 30 days,and began taking today.no results yet.
Arthritis Med/Tramadol HLC Only helps a little with Arthritis Pain. Keeps it down to a dull roar!





Diabetes Meds,Helped lower Blood Levels. Kept A1c under 7%. Made it safe to live a normal life by keeping Blood Sugar under control. Helped keep Disease & Diabetes out of Eyes. Help Kidneys function normal.
The combination of the two drugs helped me cope with my pain and depression, which seem to be related.  I'm able to cope with most of life's difficulties and am not sleeping as much.  With the vicodin helping with the pain, when I do sleep I find it's much more restful and satisfying.  I still have a long way to go and I believe that I will need to take these two drugs for a while as I tried quitting the prozac and immediately resumed the depression.
The medication reduced total cholesterol from about 220 to about 180.  blood pressure appeared to slightly decrease from 125/70 to 115/65. The ration between high density cholesterol (good cholesterol) to low density cholesterol improved significantly.
Lessened frequency of urination and burning sensation
resolved the depression, but side effects where too troublesome to continue
Blood sugar was under control. BP was under control.Sleep was much better.But I had nightmares when I was on a beta-blocker like Metoprolol earlier.Sometimes I had Sinus bradycardia also.In addition, there was an urge to smoke whenever I got up at night.My tongue used to become dry and my speech was slurred.
Stomach had been aching continually for several months, with constant belching andd a feeling of pressure in the upper throat.  Heartburn was not a significant complaint.  I lost about 5 lbs due to a loss of appetite.  I first started on a dose of 20 mg/day, and decided to increase to 40mg/day when the symptoms were not fully alleviated.  That dosage helped the symptoms, but I still have to be careful when, what and how much I eat or the problem will start up.
Had an abnormally increased sex drive and was subsequently diagnosed with breast cancer 8 months later.  Makes me wonder what the hell was in this drug.
To reduce pain during periods.
To relieve muscle aches and joint pain
After the third day, I could tell the pain was subsiding.
Cleared up infection
The crown of my head was almost totally bald at age 54 and the remaining hair very thin.  The front of my head was transplanted.  If you looked at me in the daylight, you would say that I had a "balding problem" and of course with the transplants I looked strange  After 6 months, it totally covered my crown and increased the texture of the remaining hair to a coarser density.  All of the fine hairs which were dormant came back with stronger and previous-strength follicles.  The transplanted hair on the top also became coarser.  Except in a very strong light looking directly down on the top of my head, now no one would say I was bald or even "thinning."  I am totally amazed with this product at age 55 and should have started taking it at 25.
I benefited by being able to breathe better.  My nose cleared up, my sinuses didn't hurt as bad, and my chest was looser. I didn't feel confined in my house.
To get my blood pressure under control, it was getting very high.  Blood pressure is in the normal range when taken. Blood pressure is now managed.
reduction in depression and anxiety with increased sense of well being, ability to focus on everyday activities, reduction in negative thoughts and increase in social activity.
I tried all the popular medical treatments for hypothyroid including synthroid; combinations of T3 and T4; etc. etc.  Either these treatments were ineffective (i.e. would raise my THS but leave me feeling fatigued) or would leave my heart racing. Armour thyroid was the only effective treatment
gave son the confidence to go to sleep as he had been staying awake - worried to sleep for fear of wetting the bed, proved to son not his fault as he blamed himself, helped with washing of bedding every day - stress. Gave son the confidence to sleep at other venues loke friends houses, he would never have done that
Focalin XR reduced the severity of ADHD symptoms.  It increased attention and reduced fidgeting.  Also noticed an increased productivity at work and better interpersonal interactions.  Additionally, the XR formulation is easier to take properly because it only has to be taken once a day, versus 3 - 4 times a day for the non extended release formula.
you take the pills for 90 days, daily.  You only get your period 4 times/year.  Some people have breakthough bleeding but I didn't have any bleeding. I didn't take the placebos, I started the next 90 day pack of pills and skipped my period.
reduction in cholesterol level and gave me more energy as well as making me feel better. it is a medicaton that combines zocor and zetia. zocor works on the production of cholesterolin the liver and zetioa works on absorption of cholesterol in the digestive system
Proven effective with adults and was tried with me to combat severe depression, regardless of the fact that it is not normally recommended for adolescents. Though starting at 37.5 mg, the psychiatrist quadrupled the dosages within one month's time to attempt to make a dent on my emotional condition.
Yes, I had taken Prozac for fourteen to fifteen years for the treatment of depession and experienced a loss of sexual desire. I tried the Wellbutrin XL in the hopes that it would not produce this side effect starting about 18 months ago. The Wellbutrin XL does not have this side effect in my experience.
Virtually stopped joint and then digestive flares entirely.
Noticed a quick increase, and then a complete decrease in hair shedding. Perhaps after the 1st week I thought my hair loss increased, then it's like the hair that remained all strengthened, and then, the small hairs that shed started up new growth. I did not notice any viable new growth at the temple region, but the vertex and high forehead areas seem to be thicker and younger and better hairs then I had 6 months ago. 





I look forward to a 2 year review!
Reduced the level of thyroid hormone, thereby minimizing many of the hyperthyroid symptoms.
The treatment cured the sore throat for which it was perscribed.
it subsided inflammation in the intestines.  therefore resulting in


less pain and discomfort.  hopefully less diarrhea.
The psoriasis cleared up a great deal on my hands and scalp, back and feet. The pain level was dramatically decreased and I was able to cut back a lot on the antiflamatory drugs I had to take when I had a bad flareup. I was able to sleep deeper and longer.
Helps me focus at work in the Corporate world.  Also helps me to "think" before I blurt out the first thing that comes to mind.
How would I know?  I guess it prevented a bad infection.
Lighter periods, clearing of acne for the first 6-7 months.
Overall, the benefits have been very good.  A rescue inhaler hasn't been used in more than a year, nor has there been a severe asthma attack.  During the period there may have been three incidences where it seemed like an attack was coming on (curing exertion and cold, damp weather) but simply a better environment and a couple of cups of coffee warded it off.  There are times of wheezy, heavy-chestedness, but these are minimal in comparison to prior to taking Advair.
complete cessation of my acne....effects lasted for about 2 -3 years
I have had problems falling asleep for many years. I had tried various other medicines, both over the counter and prescription, and nothing seemed to work - some didn't work at all, some helped me initially fall asleep but woke me up in the middle of the night, and others made me tired and feeling as if I were drugged the next morning. Then one day, my dentist prescribed one Ativan to take before bedtime the night before an extraction, and I actually fell asleep standing up! This is the first sleep medication that helps me initially fall asleep, sleep through the night, and doesn't make me feel tired the next day. Plus, it has the added benefit of helping to reduce my worry, anxiety, and stress that had always kept me from falling asleep before.
I am taking Lipitor to lower my cholesterol level.  It did lower it by a few points. I am taking it more as a preventative medicine.
helped me sleep better but it si short acting for hours, Have to take another in the middle of the night. Helped reduce pack pain
one dose don't know
Greatly reduced severe migraines that were occurring almost daily.  This drug was added as a preventative medication when migraines became so dibilitating that I could not function in everyday life, i.e., go to work, take care of self and family, etc.  Migraines were reduced after approximately 6-8 weeks on the medication to about 1 per month and then continually reduced to 1 every 3 to 6 months as I stayed on the medication.  I also use the medication to manage my mood disorder (bi-polar disorder) and was able to not have to take a mood stabalizer, because this drug also manages to keep me from getting "manic", so it is an extra "bonus" on top of the migraine management!!
blood pressure under control
the inflammation and redness around chin area was almost entirely cured, the skin was softer and smoother.
Within a week, I felt as if dark cloud of loneliness and unbearable sadness had drifted away.
None due to the short time taking drug.
The treatment completely cleared up the rash on my hands, usually in just a few days. Since it was a foam I could apply it easily and there was no residue.
I have chronic allergies because I am allergic to dust rather than a seasonal allergen, like ragweed. I have tried many products, but typically they are so drying that I am forced to discontinue use. This product is effective at reducing the production of mucus and eye irritation from a sever allergy to dust. I haven;t used this
able to function at job and sleep with neck pain. Addressed tension and inflammation issues that allowed me to be able to use my arms freely and to also be able to lay on my neck at night to be able to sleep.
After menopause, I experienced painful intercourse and some bleeding caused by vaginal dryness. I tried over-the-counter lubricants including suppositories but found them to be inconsistent and they also masked sensitivity in the vaginity area.
The treatment benefits of taking Synthroid have everything to do with metabolism regulation.  Because I had thyroid cancer the entire thyroid was removed.  Since thyroid hormone keeps the body running at optimum speed, it is now essential for me to take medication that will accomplish what my body is no longer capable of doing on its own.
None.
the treatment eased pain very efficiently. I had no pain all day after just 3 pills. besides, I did not feel numb or anything, only the pain went away.
I saw a large improvement in my skin which had become very dry and flaky on my legs and also on my face.  I have a blood test every year and after the initial experimenting with the dosage which started at .50 my thyroid levels are normal.
Highly effective for sleeping.
Decreased headache pain from 10/10 to 0/10 within a few hours. Took at least 30 minutes to feel pain start to decrease, then causes fatigue. I like the fact that it disintegrates sublingually, because vomiting is often associated with my headaches and I am never sure how much medication is retained afterward if I have taken a tablet.
total disappearance of psoriasis, greatly reduced fatigue, increased mobility, little-no sciatica, pain only felt upon application of pressure, all infection markers reduced
It would ease the throbbing feeling associated with a migraine.
cant say because I had to stop taking it after just 2 days due to severe after effects
Lowered blood pressure
The drug helped with sleep, but was inconsistent. I was a chronic insomniac, rarely sleeping more than 5 hours a night, often less.  With amitriptyline I was able to sleep more regularly (although not always), thereby alleviating some of the symptoms of depression and living more functionally on the whole.
Cleared up nasal passages pretty well.  Was about as effective as pseudophedrine, but longer lasting.
I have seasonal allergies and especially in the spring and fall, my eyes itch and get dry. These drops contain anti-histamines that are delivered directly into the eye, and therefore are more effective than just using anti-histamine pills. I think they also helped with the eczema-like flaking on my eyelids but I cannot be sure because I was also using anti-histamine pills at the time.
Fewer hot flashes & irritability.
cleared acne, dried skin out considerably. Was very easy to use. Did not take much to use. No smell or fragrance.
it cleared most of my acne and i had no sideffects at all!!!


i drank allot of water that migth explain why there were no side effects
To stop a absess behind my rectum caused by crohn's, flagyl did not help but they giving to me. I trusted the Doctor's.
Not wanting a cigarette
None, just started.


I rated a 7 due to the potential it has after one experience. Blue/green clouds are nothing to scoff at!
I have arthritis in my spine and right foot.  Without the Meloxicam I'm in severe pain in my back, and my foot becomes so painful I can't put any weight on it.  So, walking becomes very difficult.  As long as I'm taking the medication, but regions do not cause me the severe pain I'm in without it.
Changed my life- for the better
sleep well
My libido increased and energy. I have really bad anxiety, it actually helped it..my mood really hasn't changed much. I seen happier because of the weight loss. It's a good program if you want to loose a lot of weight..
I have been taking this treatment for 4 years and the goal is to prevent any more bone loss and possibly to improve it. Combined with weight bearing exercise supposedly my bone loss will change.  I had a test a year after I started taking fosamex and there was slight improvement; I have not had another test since. I will be due for a test my next annual obg visit.
There was a noticable smoothing of the skin and lightening of age spots.
Full control of my periods and on this medicine I have only four periods per year.  There's occasional spooting, but I LOVE not having monthly periods.
pregnancy avoidance, worked perfectly, did not get pregnant until stopped taking the meidaction, then 3 months later conceived
relieved the pain
None
Eliminated hormonal cysts; 3 years with no recurrence.
Reduced cholesterol levels after approximately four months.  Have been taking the medication for approximately forty eight months on a regular daily basis.
"gloom and doom" was eliminated, feeling as if I didn't even have energy to life an arm was eliminated.
The decrease in aniety greatly increased the quality of life for the patient.
Adderall allowed me to start and FINISH projects. It also gave me energy. I am not a coffee drinker, so Adderall was like my morning coffee.  It sometimes would give me a feeling of mild euphoria, which was nice. Certain tasks (like cleaning the house!) didnt seem so difficult because I would not get distracted by other things.
After taking zirtek I no longer suffer from my horrible symptoms of my allergic rhinitis if i miss a tablet the symptoms are back almost immediately but after taking zirtek after an hour my symptoms almost dissappear. I now sleep better as MY symptoms usually worsen at night and i can visit friends and family with pets now. Before zirtek I couldn't as I have severe reaction to fur.
The Vermox killed off the effects of the parasitic illness which included extreme fatigue, chronic diarrhea, dehydration, and weight loss.  The Celexa was effective in elevating my mood which had been diagnosed as depression.  It was the doctors belief that the long term effects of the parasite presence in my body led to my decline in physical and mental health.  I continued on the generic form of Celexa, Citalopram for a total of three years.  I no longer take medication for depression and my health is quite good.
Didn't really see any improvements but not sure if I am applying correct amount.
Prior to taking the Amoxicillin I was in a lot of discomfort including tightness in the chest, fever, painful cough and difficulty in breathing. This meant that I was not able to work and had to stay in bed. The effects of the Amoxicillin was almost immediate in that within two hours of taking the drug many of they symptoms had diminished considerably; in particular, breathing was no longer difficult or painful and the fever was reduced. Due to the rapid improvement of my condition following the first few doses of Amoxicillin I was able to return to work almost immediately.
Incidents reduced from daily to maybe every 6 to 8 weeks.  If I missed my dose however by hour 14 I would start to break out.  This would indicate to me that the histamine levels are ever present and the histamine blocker is what is keeping their ill effects at bay.  I have however discovered that recently my pharmacy changed their generic manufacturer and the new version is very ineffective.  I've had 5+ severe breakouts in 3 months
clearer skin, did not affect weight
After a week of taking 20 mg a day, I went from suicidal to genuine happiness. I was diagnosed with major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder and my symptoms have already gotten 90% better. My level of stress is very, very low and my depression is pretty much gone. I can go back to doing things I love and I have more energy to go about my day. Only thing is that I also have insomnia and although it has calmed my nightly discomfort, it has not helped me sleep. But I'm waiting for it to help since my doctor said it would take time. I would recommend this drug to anyone!
Eliminated the irregular heart beat as well as the occasional heart racing in addition to controlling the blood pressure.  Initially started taking while on birth control and having stress sytems of a racing heart beat.
This drug did work at alleviating the anxiety for which it was prescribed.
I had less wrinkles, better tone and texture overall. People could not discern my age and wrinkles developed when I stopped using. I developed no acne during the use of Renova.
This medication, in combination with a diuretic, worked to lower my high blood pressure.
I have quite ofren this problem, but the headacke goes away in a few minutes and the medicament works well for other pains too.
I went to the doctor with a badly herniated disc in my lower back.  It was very inflamed and I had trouble standing completely up right.  The doctor prescribed me hydrocodone for the pain and the diclofenac for the inflammation.  The diclofenac worked really quickly at getting the inflammation down without really any side effects.
I had been to several doctors regarding pain in my thigh mostly.  I had seen Orthopedic Dr, Family practice (2), Endocrinologist and finally Nuerologist, who prescribed the Mirapex.  I did note slight improvement in leg pain however the weight gain issue was totally unacceptable to me and the benefit was only slight.  I have had much better results with Lyrica.
Some of the larger brown spots faded. Skin seemed smoother.
Lowered blood sugar on a daily basis, lowered A1C ratings and led to a much better overall feeling of control for the diabetes.  Allowed for a more varied diet while keeping blood sugar controlled.  Insulin resistance seems to be in better control.  Lowered appetite which led to weight loss.
Intended to produce more follicles to increase chances of conception, in combination with intrauterine insemination.  I had 5 rounds of treatment, though I'm not sure why the doctor chose to try this many times when none of the early tries were successful.  Some stimulation occurred - 7-10 follicles were stimulated with each treatment - but conception did not occur.
better mental acumen, energy,hair texture,better physical endurance and strength
Works for both depressive and hypomanic episodes. Makes me calm, slows down my thoughts, and enables me to concentrate properly and work again. Sleeping very well. Feel like a normal human being again!
hot flashes  I still have the night sweats.
Lower blood pressure
To clear the ear infection she was having and the mild cough and other cold systom she was suffering from at the time. The drug is a penicilin-type antibiotic used to treat a wide variety of bacterial infections.
daily headaches reduced to 3 times a month.  Lost a lot of weight.
Nexium does help in controlling reflux, but I haven't gone without it in so long that I don't know how my reflux would do on its own.  It isn't a complete fix.  I can't blame the drug for this, but it doesn't help at all if I drink caffeine.
Completely eliminated my heartburn and reflux, which were a daily occurence and were not treated effectively with OTC medications like Pepcid.
Mild to moderate relief of back pain
After taking effexor XR, a consideralbe change in attitude and general outlook was improved. Increased desire to do daily activities improved as well as anxiety about social situations descreased somewhat.
Benefits where good with the Lyrica, I wish it controlled pain and inflamation more.  However I could not go back to living without it, I would be a mess.
There was some leveling out of bone loss.
effective in reducing anxiety
To relax the muscles
Some weight loss/craving control, lessened desire to drink
The discharge odour had gone however the yellow discharge I was comaing about remained, going back to doctors tomorrow to see what they say.
Reduces the swelling of joints and pain associated with Rheumatoid Arthritis.  RA seems to be in remission, but if I dont use a shot for 3 weeks, I start getting flare ups.  I also was able to discontinue methotrexate.  I havent had a real flare up for over a year.
Completely stops nightly leg pain
Complete relief of headache - the only drug to take pain away. I used to get a severe headache at least once a month that lasted 48 hours over three days. Zomig has given me back my life and works even if the migraine has become established.
blodd pressure remained in the low area
Treatment was not for traditional drug use. It was for sexual experimentation--to see if male orgasm response times were decreased and sexual desire after orgasm remained. This did work.
Even though I am a woman, my dermatologist recommended that I use the men's dose of Rogain. It definitely thickened my hair, after using the woman's dose for several years, which just kept me from losing hair.
I was a lot younger than what is normally recommended when I started taking Effexor at 15, but along with this help of a great therapist it definately seemed to lift that "cloud" of depression and my anxiety attacks and insomnia disappeared.
Swelling was demished.


Acheynesss is going away.
It did help with my pain that comes with my adenomyosis. And it's nice to not have a period every month.
!0 years after spinal stenosis, scar-tissue and additional narrowing of nerve canals causes sever inflammation and pain. My back pain is virtually disappeared, I feel like a new kid on the block
After 15 days of taking the drug my mood lifted noticeably.  This reached the maximum level after about 5 weeks.  I experienced very high levels of confidence and an ability to focus much more on my goals.  This led to successful achievement and a dramatic move forward in my life.
I took the 100mg tab around 9am with other meds per instructions, but the medication only lasted around 4 hours at the most, then I began to feel that wiped out feeling once again. I spoke with my gp & it was determined, that since my fatigue is so severe, we would move up immediately. Take 2 100mg tablets at 9a.m. then 1 100mg tablet at noon, should I be slowing down, with the engraved fatigue, I will change and rather than take 1 100mg tab at noon, I will take 2 200mg tabs at 1pm. Then by 4pm if needed take 1 100mg tablet. Will monitor closely, and go in monthly for Blood work, as this medication, can cause problems with the Liver.
Nil
Control of asthma symptoms; preventative treatment.
the benefits foe the pain was good, it helped the constant pain i was having in my muscles and the over all aching
I did notice a slight decrease in the deep muscle pain that I normally experience.  There was no pain relief from the shoulder pain and neck pain.  No other benefits were experienced.
I get occasional migraine headaches. Zomig is very effective in minmizing or eliminating the symptoms, which include severe headache, nausea, photosensitivity. I also get frequent exercise induced headaches, which do not respond to other OTC analgesics such as tylenol or motrin. Zomig is also very effective in minimizing or eliminating the headache pain.
It cleared the throat infection (painful throat when swallowing or even touching the neck) and cough significantly after 5 days, and totally cleared symptoms after 2 weeks. My 78-year-old mother could not tolerate many antibiotics. This is 1 of the few that she could take fortunately.
it did clear up my uti but not worth feeling like I did after taking this drug.
cleared bacteria on skin slightly
Moderate lightening of hyperpigmentation, smoothing of fine lines and wrinkles
Reduced blood pressure.  If I was consistent with my dosage, after time if I missed a dose it wouldn't matter.  If I was inconsistent and forgetful with my dosage, I could feel heart palpitations and my bp would rise.  Bringing my weight down also helped greatly.  Typically my bp w/o dosing is 140/90.  At one time, I got it down to 118/80.  Consistency is a key in remembering to take the tablet faithfully every day and at the same time daily.
great focus, mental clarity, helped me wake up, made me care about doing things and getting things finished, improved my mood. i started eating better for me (when i did eat), and it made me check my blood glucose levels more (so improved my health).
I have already noticed my mood becoming more stable, and it has only been a month since I have started this medicine.  I feel like I have become less emotional and more rational.  I still have some anxiety, but that is why I take buspirone 2X a day with this drug.
Clearer skin,free from major breakouts
greatly diminished arthritis pain, increased joint flexibility.
Lowered cholesterol well
My blood pressure is now in the normal range. My blood pressure ranges from 110 over 80 to 137 over 90. This limits the possibility of stroke.
I was good that I only had to take this once per day. More often and I probably would have forgotten or become obsessed with remembering.
acne cleared up and the whiteheads and blackheads and bumps disappeared, and pores visibly shrunk and skin got smoother and softer.
It is very effective for falling and staying asleep.  Much more than over the counter medications.
Reduce the infect quite a bit after the initial dosage. Made it easier to breath and reduced my fever and body ache.
The medicine alleviated physical symptoms of withdrawal from use of alcohol and significantly decreased anxiety.
So far my skin has been red, itchy and peeling, but I have fewer blackheads and smaller pores.  I need keep using it to determine whether it will diminish fine lines and wrinkles.  Others say that you need to use it for at lease a month before the side effects diminish.
Lost 10 pounds.
My cholesterol level, in the Uk, is 3.3 which the specialist tells me is excellent. 





Before taking Simvastatin I was prescribed Atoravastatin. The change was purely a monetary one. My cholesterol level went down from 6.25 to 3.3 with Atoravastatin.
At first my skin was looking really great it even made my wrinkles less noticible.
the spironolactone has prevented the large cycst types of acne from forming. My skin looks a lot smoother.
The treatment bendfits consisted of bringing the thyroid test results into the normal range for the TSH and T4 tests for a post-menopausal woman.
Stops the cholestrol level dramatically.
Prevented pregnancy
I had two early stage miscarriages, so I was tested by a reproductive specialist. She diagnosed that I have high blood clot factor. As soon as the third pregnancy was confirmed (5th week), I stated to take Lovenox once a day. After reaching 13th week and ultrasound confirmed the baby is growing well, I was allow to be off Lovenox. I am now in third trimester and my pregnancy went well.
helped depression and energy. I entered Alcholics Anonymous and began recovery from years of substance abuse.  Provigil seems to take the edge off of my prior anxieties and helps to dig deep into the emotional reasons for the abuse.
Aciphex was extremely effective in the treatment of GERD.  It reduced reflux and burning sensation immediately.  Unfortunately, due to severe side-effects, medication had to be discontinued.
Almost immediate reduction in pain and inflammation that was not resolved by trimethoprim previously- this is a lower uti drug.  Slept much better with less discomfort although tenderness remained for a few days.
relieves most migraines if caught fairly early.  I've had some migraines that it was ineffective against.
My daughter  was unable to focus and concentrate during classes.  


Her marks were terrible, she was failing many classes in spite of studying for hours on end (I can verify this as I studied with her) Her self esteem was very low due to this and the fact that she has a sister who consistently achieves high grades.  She became depressed and frustrated by this situation.





After seeing a neurologist and doing many test she was diagnosed with ADD.  We started her on Adderall and the results have been amazing.  Now, she does minimal studying and her marks are EXCELLENT!  She is able to focus and really pay attention in classes so the information is not only understood but retained.  Her self esteem has soared and she is once again a happy little girl.
Less acne (diminished whiteheads and blackheads), smoother skin, and less redness.
It made a noted difference to my depression, but not much to my anxiety. If anyone is hyperactive this drug seemed to be sedating and gentle (if u can handle that).
reactions over-road the benefits.  I will simply say that I did not think I received benefits from this particular drug.  There are other pain inhibitors that worked as well as the vicodin with out the druggy feelings and sickness.
I was able to create a tasks list, complete the list in full and stay focused for a full days work, and not get sidetracked or feel the least bit tired.


Day after day, I continued to work better than I had been able to for years.
The treatment benefits were that the incidence of arrhythmia was drastically


reduced and the duration of episodes was also drastically reduced. I could


go for days, weeks, and months without having any episodes.  When I do have


an episode, it is mild and short lived.
This medication relieve nervousness and tension and improve sleep disturbances.
able to taper off on the Allevert and just use this. Helped with congestion, helped with sleeping.
skin cleared up


noticable clearance in scars
read details
Diminished extreme highs& lows, decreased anxiety/panic attacks, diminished urges to self multilate [Felt absolutely compelled to punch my legs, arms, and head at times of anxiety attacks a way to numb pain of anxiety inside]. Mental clarity. Felt a sense of control over eating behaviors [Felt I had a choice to binge/purge or not]. This drug was a miracle as I admitted myself to the ER after feeling all loss of control over my extreme mood swings [very happy/joyfull to "no reason to live" the next minute], my bulimia, self-mutilation, & anxiety. I felt as if I was on a very thin thread of life, I was ready to quit seeking any sign of serenity, until I was given hope with Lamictal. I was able to hold on to life, with a promise that soon the medications will start working. Mental health issues run deep in my father's family. I've always been hesitant to solve my problems with meds, trying virtually every alternative medicine [even hypnotherapy]. I wish I would have looked into this earlier- knowing that my problems had deep genetic roots [chemical imbalace].
i could sleep eventually due to long term insomnia. slow my thoughts down for the first 2 years.
The treatment benefits were good. It took away the red bumps and flushing I had from the roseasa
no headaches (had salt sensitive migraines)
Increased concentration and the ability to study, stay focused and complete tasks in a timely manner.
One of the side effects of Seroquel is sleepiness. Depression and fatique were a result of lack of deep sleep. Seroquel allowed the patient to obtain deep (REM) sleep allowing for a rejuvinated physical state that, in turn, lifted the mood and outlook of the patient.
I saw a reduction of pore size because I think my skin was getting tighter, I dont know if because of the drying. However, you could see a smoother appeareance. I didnt have a significant improvement in the fine lines. I am attributing this because they are expression lines under my eyes.
Control of joint inflammation
It did seem to control the my acid reflux in the beginning.  However, being that I am now pregnant (3 months) it doesn't seem to be strong enough to help. My acid reflux is out of control and I was just diagnosed with gastritis.  My stomach burns a lot.
Gabapentin was prescribed to me for bi polar disorder.  Using no other meds I have taken this in the past with no side effects. I have been taking gabapentin for about a month.Does well with my depression.Only took about a week to feel better.Strange but true.
Very effective at eliminating pain
I was initially calmer and motivated on 35 mg.  I cleaned house and felt like I was moving in a positive direction.  I was very hopeful that I may be feeling better.  My internal chatter had quieted.
It is moderately effective in reducing the pain, and very effective in reducing the inflammation, swelling and heat in the joints.  I had not realized just how effective it is, until I ran out recently, and was without it for a few days.  I guess I had forgotten how debilitating OA can be.  Without it, I walk with a cane- with it, I don't need a cane, and can even walk for a mile or so for exercize, without 'paying for it' the next day.
I was not on the drug lonng enough to recognize any benefits.  Medication was


discontinued when first vessicle appeared.
Reduced swelling due to water retention; reduced high blood pressure.
reduce anxiety
purging of the skin, some clearing acne.
Completely changed my everyday life in a beneficial way. I was more confident with myself than ever before. Before taking the drug, I was cold and hateful for no reason.  I could bite someone's head off very quickly.  After taking the drug, I am now such a nice person and genuinely care about other people and realize that everyone is different...........and that's ok.
none
Skin inflamation disappeared
Much less anxiety. Was able to nearly stop taking Xanax for breakthrough anxiety and panic.





Was able to sleep well and did not need to take Tuinal.
it did not make me feel like i was on a major drug.  i still felt like "myself" and could experience emotions.  there were no weight loss/gain experiences.
Prevention of pregnancy, acne control, regularity of periods.  Took 2 years straight and never got pregnant.  Face had no acne problems whatsoever, very clear.  Periods were on time, usually run 5 to 7 days, but while taking the pill I knew when my period was getting ready to begin.  When I wasn't on the pill I was irregular and spotted often.
I have had headaches since age 17.  The acid reflux isn't as bad as it used


to be.
Low back pain would almost be completely relieved about 40 mins. after taking Vicodin.


With severe pain, I took 1 1/2 tablets which helped.
Started to work within 12 hours, much less pus and blood from nostrils. Pressure in face reduced with in 36 hours.
This is an easy to take flu remedy that lasts only 5 days. It was good to know that as miserable as the flu was, I could finally take action to rid myself of it sooner, as compared to last year when there was no remedy available. By taking Tamiflu, I think the duration of the flu may have been shortened by 1-2 days
Although this treatment was intended to alleviate symptoms associated with menopause, either the dosage was insignificant or the product was not appropriate for this particular patient.  No relief was experienced in any way.  If anything, symptoms continue to worsen.
Better mood, more energy, weight loss.  Daily outlook was better, fewer outbursts of anger.  I was able to concentrate a little better and be more focused.  I didn't have any moments of the blues or procrastination.
lowered cholesterol to normal limits, i feel with this drug and changes in my earing habits ,ihave added years to mt life. it is said to protect the heart . i have had a heart attack, so according to my dr. this is good preventive medecine.
The benefits of this treatment was there was a decreased amount of bowel movements per day. Also severe cramping and urgency to empty the bowel was decreased by 50% and meals could be enjoyed, even when out in public places where a washroom might not be available.
Next to none - bringing up rubbish did seem to stop at one point - but not for long.
Generally more ability to take charge of my life, organise myself and feel good about myself.  Not avoiding situations like I used to and generally able to hold myself together and not fear having onset dizziness/lethargy/tiredness/weakness/withdrawal/stress/hyperventilation that comes with extreme GAD.  Waking up and not deliberating my every move, ability to sleep at nite and not get myself into a state of panic, less paranoia more inner confidence and self assurance.
It mostly eliminated the urge to smoke, allowing me to quit. Having tried other drugs to quit smoking, I was shocked by how effective this drug was.
reduced the bumps somewhat!
Excellent improvement of papular pustular acne
Acne no more after 8 months of use.  I have yet to ever have another break out of acne, much less a more than one flare up of more than one pimple at a time, and that is once in a blue moon.
I found that the drug helped with mild depression/dysthymia.
hot flashes were less frequent.  Libido was improved.  Uninterrupted sleep was more common.  Emotional balance was obtained
did not get pregnant
I've only been on it for a week but I've noticed a change already. I am more awake and it seems as though a fog has been lifted. I am thinking more clearly and don't feel so down.
It had a dramatic impact in terms of reducing how often I would break out. My skin was smoother and more clear.  And the fine lines around my eyes were reduced dramatically.
Reduced pain and discomfort in both arms.  Calmer and less anxious personality. Pt enjoyed her life just a slight bit better and was able to participate in other various activities with her friends, family and to do art work that she loves at the day center where she attends two times a week.
The treatment benefits of Vicodin (Hydrocodone and Acetaminophen) were relief of severe pain from surgical procedure.
for severe pain and acheness
feel better overall, not felling dizzy and able to drive safely , frequent headaches are gone, able to concentrate on work and family, better vision at night time
It seemed to relax me, which reduced some of the muscle pain that I had been having.  It seemed to slightly reduce the nerve pain, but not enough to warrant taking it long-term.  Other than that, I did not notice benefits specific to my fibromyalgia symptoms.  It did seem to neutralize my feelings however.  I could not experience deep sadness.  So, I can see how it would help with people suffering from depression.
none
Strattera seemed to give me some energy and focus for a few hours.  However, about 5-6 hours after taking the pill, I get sleepy and groggy.  I have never taken a stimulant (newly diagnosed ADD), but this sounds familiar to the "crash" I hear people talking about.  So far the sleepiness and fatigue are out-weighing the benefits of this drug for me.
The treatment Benefits included feeling less anxiety, stress and pressure in many social situations. I felt less irritable and more willing and open for change. I had been feeling very down on myself and lost in terms of my emotional well being and stability. I had been feeling a lot of pressure and like I didnt fit in in many situations. I also felt that many things in life were hard- even small things like showering or brushing my teeth. Taking this medication helped me to overcome those feelings and be able to do everyday things without seeing them as such a challenge. It stabilized my mood as well so I wasnt experiencing major irritability, intense frustration or anger.
reduced acne and refined skin texture. Helped to prevent new breakouts to a certain extent.
For the treatment of insomnia, this drug induced sleepiness immediately after ingestion which was a tempory and necessary goal of the drug.
I had been having abdominal pain for quites some time which was diagnosed as h-pylorybacter.  I started taking the Biaxin as pary of Prevpac.  In about 3 days, I noticed that the pain was lessening and I was feeling less run down. I had been ill due to the condition being undiagnosed for about 5 months. The infection was clearing up
Pain and heartburn from extreme acid reflux is well controlled, hypersensitivity to certain food is suppressed and Barrett's Esophagus has not progressed.
Reduced the acid reflux and heartburn that was present in the late evening hours. Overall, Nexium relieved me of acid reflux and heartburn.
Provigil energizes me which improves my ability to function. Without it, the fatigue I experience due to MS overwhelms me and renders me pretty much useless.
Requip has helped me sleep at night! no more horrible creepy crawley sensations... great medication!
I could see a dramatic difference in my mood within 3 weeks!  I felt interested in all my hobbies again plus I was smiling and laughing more.  My doctor told me I could be the poster child for Paxil.  This drug made a remarkable improvement in my mild depressive state.  I recently (5 wks ago) underwent gastric bypass surgery.  The doctor that performed this surgery told me not to quit taking Paxil...it would be like losing my best friend.  I have had absolutely no depression after my surgery (which I understand is not common).  This drug is amazing!
Smoother skin with no pimples present. Lessening of fine lines. More even and radiant skin tone
Increased my estrogen levels, started ovulating again, and after about 6 months my ovulation formed a predictable pattern with an ending menstrual period. It was an easy small sized capsule to swallow and did not break down in water. Once ovulation was kicked off and preganancy still did not occur, it allowed my obstetrician to focus on other possible problems.
I got much better in a few days.
This medication was initially prescribed for pain management and was somewhat effective, but a new neurologist suggested incresing the dose as an addition to the anti-seizure medications that were not completely controlling my epilesy.  This addition finally got the seizures completely under control.
Not very many at all. My Blood Pressure is still high sometimes. Doctor advice me not to increase dosis.But I am scared to stop the medication by myself and have serious health problems.
Regularly reduced fasting blood glucose by 20-30 points
reduced risk of stroke
reduction in white heads however I think I still need longer treatment to get rid of blackheads, I am hoping it will also help to slow down aging process. I must be carefull not to get pregnant as it might cause problems . I believe it is contraindicated in pregnancy. I am also using hydroxyquinolone for melasma. It started to provide results during 2nd month of treatment.
The urinary tract infection which causing frequent urination and a lot of discomfort was completely cleared up after I took this drug.  This drug has been effective for me on more than one occasion.
very beneficial. no issues or side effects and my monthly period became more normal versus very heavy bleeding. i'm still on the medication and will continue as directed until full menapause.
infection, swelling and pain reduction with in 3 days
Helps me to concentrate and focus for a more prolonged period of time than adderall xr 20mg. When taking adderall xr 20mg, I had a lot of side effects ranging from dry mouth to aggressive behavior. I was very irritable with adderall xr, but with Vyvanse I am not irritable at all as a symptom of the drug. I focus and concentrate much better, and for much longer, I have no symptoms. I feel more calm and more happy on Vyvanse.
When I took the medication as prescribed, If I were to smoke, I would feel sick to my stomach, it surpressed the thoughts of smoking, and the cravings.  As I have read, its not so much the nicotine, since I can sleep for 8 hours without craving nicotine, its the little voice in my head that tells me its time for my bad habit.  It also surpressed any craving for alcohol.
I'm just starting.I've been on it for a week now and i've lost 5 lbs.I'm also on my period right now.I'm not sure if that effects wieght loss or not.I have a bout 14 days left to be on it and then i will be taken off because of the side effects my doctor only put me on it for 21 days my goal is to lose atleast 7 lbs before im off.I will let you know how it goes!
I used it for six months and it worked like a charm.  Got through colds with out descending into sinus infections( the usual result).  Then it stopped working!  It has never worked again.  How sad.  Doctors had addicted me to nosespray in high school  The only other time I was symptom dree was when I was nursing.  This seemed like a godsend.  I wished it still worked'
Detoxing effect by pushing out the system through the skin. Initially, toxins will come through skin in the form of acne/pus. Then, toxin is supposed to be expelled through bowel movement. The total duration treatment is 3 months.
The albuterol relieved the constriction, irritation and wheezing I experienced. It worked both as a preventive and as a curative measure for those symptoms. I have occasionally experienced exercise induced asthma (actually after I stop exercising) and taking the albuterol in advance helped alleviate that.
Serve Acne has turned to middle
My overall mood, sense of well being, energy level was increased with better sleep pattern restored. I also noted improvement in my facial firmness and skin tone.
Up until 2 years ago, it worked really well on any scarring I had but in the past 2 years it's been irritating when I apply and it doesn't seem to work on the hyperpigmentation I now have.
