x
cough, hypotension , proteinuria, impotence , renal failure , angina pectoris , tachycardia , eosinophilic pneumonitis, tastes disturbances , anusease anorecia , weakness fatigue insominca weakness
Heavy Cycle, Cramps, Hot Flashes, Fatigue, Long Lasting Cycles. It's only been 5 1/2 months, but i'm concidering changing to a different bc. This is my first time using any kind of bc, unfortunately due to the constant hassel, i'm not happy with the results.
Heavier bleeding and clotting than normal.
Constipation, dry mouth and some mild dizziness that would go away after medication was stopped for a few days.
I felt extremely drugged and dopey.  Could not drive at all while on this med.  Also had extreme ankle and feet swelling and couldn't even wear shoes.
Low sex drive, before i started taking this drug i was 19 years of age and full of "enthousiasm". Now engaged and 21 years old, my sex drive is very low, my wife and I are very unsatisfied. I am also very tired even during peak hours throughout the day, and its hard to concentrate on mundain tasks
a few experiences of nausiea, heavy moodswings on the days I do not take it, decreased appetite, and some negative affect on my short-term memory.
None.
I really don't have any side effects other than the mild but very tolerable issue of taking it 4-5 times a day which isn't an effect but just the way you need to take this. At first, within the first 1 day then couple of weeks after starting, this medicine is broken down by your body fast and you need to adjust your dose. Once I got past the ups and downs of the first week or two of getting this increased from .25 mg - 3 times per day to what I'm on now things are so stable and just smooth.
I had some horrifying mental and physical side effects. ruined a year of my life.  read this - it mentions everything i dealt with: http://www.askapatient.com/viewrating.asp?drug=19658&name=CLARITIN
I did get a mild yeast infection during treatment.
Dexerine IR tablets need to be taken more often than adderall and also wear off more abruptly. Generic tablets are not high quality and somewhat expensive due to the need for a large quantity of tablets.
My sides effects were not noticeable and very mild.  I have noticed some lower libido while on Fluoxetine, but no other noticeable side effects.
My upper eyelids were red and itchy for the first 4-5 weeks but that went away and I have not had a problem since.  My eye exams have been normal with eye preassure normal.
I felt an out of it feeling, like a depressed feeling, I was fatigued and I broke out with severe blisters on and around my lips.
no side effects while on drug.  Super bad side effects while going off the drug.  Google searched it.  Lots of people with the same symptoms.  read up before you start it.
I have no side effect while taking Gabapentin but if I miss a couple of dosages or run out and wait for my next refill, I have moderate withdrawal syptoms. These syptoms include itchness, irrability, moodness, axiousness, and headaches.





Maxalt side effect for  me is throat feels contristricted shortly after taking medicine.
My one year old daughter who has an awesome disposition (and always has) became restless and agitated. Very touchy, aggressive, crying a lot, and having a hard time sleeping. Also refluxing a lot and not nursing normally. It just dawned on me this morning it must be the medication. Will request another antibiotic today from the pediatrician.
Fatigue can sometimes be excessive.  High dependency.
a "halo" a few shades lighter than the natural skin tone was present around the site of application, which would last about 12-24 hours.
skin redness and flushes, sometimes the skin eels like it is on fire, and you feel very ho.


It is also very itchy when the skin is heeling because of the drug, sometimes you even wake up in the middle of the night because of the itchiness. But this only happens the first few days, when the skins is very bad with ezcema, after a few days, when the skin is better you don't feel you have put any treatment in the skin, and it feels as any othe normal moisturiser cream
nausea for first two weeks then no perceived ill effects
First, let me say that I didn't experience the awful side effects that some do with isotretinoin use.  I did turn very, very red around the perioral area and especially at the nasolabial folds.  My face felt as if I needed to peel it off and scratch deep down in the dermis.  In fact, that was my main complaint--the itchiness . . . and of course the dryness.  But the dryness was not nearly as bad as I expected.  For example, my lips never cracked.  However, I'm several years out from treatment , and I still have dry skin problems.  It's weird because my skin was always so oily and now it's dry.  But that could be attributed to normal aging.  Regardless, I've become a real connosiour of facial moisturizers.  My skin is also a little more sensitive post isotretinoin.  Tazorac one percent, which I used to slather on nightly like lotion, now sets me on fire if I dare to use the half percent version more than twice a week.  I know the literature claims there's no anti-aging efficacy if it isn't used daily, but I'm hoping for the best.
The side effects of the treatment included Redness, Dryness, Skin Irritation.  The skin was very dry and difficult to moisturize.  The skin looked red and irritated.   However, when I switched to a lighter skin cleanser, Cetaphil, this really helped improve the redness and dryness.  Prior to the Cetaphil i was using Roc cleansing pads which were too harsh on my skin.
has gained quite abit of weight but as he has had problems gaining weight since being a toddler this isnt a bad thing
Flu like symptoms- aches, fever
none
There's one 'side effect' - and I'm purposely and playfully/sarcastically placing it within quotes:  this stuff has increased my sex-drive manyfold! I don't know if this has been the case with other patients, and I'm curious to know if anyone else has had that experience.


I'm also presenting with a little 'feathery tickle', resulting in an annoying dry cough; perhaps this side effect will lessen as my body adapts to the medication.
see above
photosensitivity
dry mouth, decreased appetite
leg cramps during the night.
It may cause some nervousness or restlessness. Sometimes I felt like I had drank a large cup of coffee during its full potency.
Memory loss
A little bit of "hyper" feelings.  I take the entire dose at one time, daily, and have been advised that the feeling of being revved up would disspiate if I did take it in two or more doses during the day.  I try to minimize the effect by taking the medication first thing in the morning.
I was surprised to experience brief blinding headaches in the upper left rear quadrant of my head, like a mini seconds-long burst of pressure that felt like a blunt object suddenly trying to explode out of my skull. This pressure would subside and I would go about my day. I'm told headaches are not one of the usual side-effects, so it may be an unrelated fluke. However, I've never had such an experience before, and it only manifested within about forty-eight hours of my first taking the drug and for seventy-two hours thereafter. The sudden and sporadic bursts of acute pain subsided, however, but I would caution anyone taking this drug for the first time to be on the lookout, especially if driving or in a public place with bright lights and a lot of noise around.
ringing in the ears, sensitivity to noise, phantom noise in head, which all lead to anxiety
dizzy, palpitations
As with all Benzodiazepines withdrawl is very noticeable if undertaken quickly. Lightheadedness, anxiety, dizzy spells, general feeling unwell.


In my experience the suggested half life in relation to reducing intake of these drugs is very misleading. Reduction for me has to be done very slowly over a number of weeks not days as usually suggested by physicians.
None.
Sleepy and lack of response to problems.  Took too long to get started.  I think anyone else would think it wasn't effective and stop taking it.
alittle weight loss but I was thin already the worst thing was Hair loss for me and the feeling of pins and needles in the feet got worse, the Dr increased my dose from 200mgs t0 300 mgs af ter four years because I had a few seizures ,and after only two to three weeks I had so many side affects ,I had not had in all of the four years that I had been taken the 200 mgs my hair came out,blurry vision,dehydration forgetfulness,you name it I had not delt with this before only read about this except for the hair and I have always had lots of it so you know how upset I was.. needless to say Istopped taking the extra 100mgs and went back to my old dosage with hopes tha everything will goe back to where it was ,trying to get in touch with the Dr. as I type now... Does anyone know if the side affects will goe away?
None
Sleepiness, dizziness, light-headedness & nausea. I only took them when the pain was unbearable, so I might have gotten used to the side effects if I had kept the levels up in my system.
There were no side effects
Loss of appetite, dizzy
constipation
Hair loss! Not so much from my head, but other places such as arms etc. Dry lips were the worst, tried many different products but eventually carmex solved that. Dry skin slightly, not too much of a probelem. Depression was bad, would have no motivation to do anything and hated everything around me. After stopping the drug this discontinued and i deem it acceptable to have, for the results of clear skin.
I had soreness of muscles for the first several weeks which finally went away.
I had no side effects.  Some people think the ulcerated scabby areas are side effects, but this is what the cream is designed to do, make bad cells react and destruct.
none
The treatment had no side effect on me.
I have had some tirdeness and general sleep problems. I dont know if this was due to estrace or not. I have been someonewhat confused about hoe my energy has increased but my tirdness usually is in the morning when I take estrace. Perhaps I should try evening.
The first week I had a very dry mouth all the time.
keloid scars on the back which appeared about 5 months after the end of treatment,without any preceeding trauma to the region.


Dryness of skin and mucous membranes that was not very severe.Dizziness and tiredness sometimes.
While I have been taking the medicaion I have not experience any side effects.  The only thing that bothered me was that it took about 2 dayss to see improvement which was not a long time but when you are uncomfortable it seems much longer.
There is a mild burning in my eyes for a couple of minutes after the drops are out in.
Dry skin. Flaky Skin. Breakouts during the first 6-8 weeks.


Irritation to my lips even though I do not apply it here. My lips feel sore by the next morning. Under eyes creasing up
The side effects were terrible. I endured daily moderate to severe headaches which I had to treat with high dosage of ibuprofen and a 50 lb. weight gain over two months on a 5'2" frame with no change in my diet. I could not shake the weight until I discontinued taking the med.
I had a very slight issue, early on in treatment (in the first few weeks only), of slight dizziness when rising quickly from either laying down or from bending over with my head down (such as when petting my cat when she was laying on the floor), but that fully resolved quite quickly. I have not had any other side effects at all.
mild flaking, skin can become red and senatize must wear 30 block suncreen
After a few days I experienced severe muscle ache in legs such that I had difficulty climbing stairs. I also had overwhelming fatigue and even indigestion
None, or at least not enough to be bothersome
One side effect my doctor warned me to watch for was loss of muscle density.  I work out with weights usually three times a week.  I noticed no loss of muscle size, tone, or strength while taking Crestor.
None
The side effects made me yawn alot and very sleep, would take a 4 to 5 hour nap daily.  My joints in my jaws were very stiff and made it almost painful for me to talk and especially where i yawned alot.  I expierenced this side effect one day after taking the medication.
In the first week of treatment I felt disconnected from myself. I felt fuzzy and had trouble thinking clearly. It was this side effect that made me not want to take the drug anymore but I continued taking it 2 times per day. By the second week the fuzziness began to lift and I felt more like my normal self. After 2 months of taking Lexapro I felt like I was back to my old self again.
none that i noticed
hair loss at first.  subsided after a few months
none, as far as i could see.
irregular menstruation every 20 days,eczema on hand and face and hair loss and hair thinning when taking 100 mg  thats why i stopped taking the drug.
There were no side effects associated with the drug. The doctor mentioned it would make birth control ineffective but had no confirmation of that.
I still got yeast infections, however, they were not as bad and easier to get rid of than with the 75mg anitbiotic.
Didn't care as much as I needed to about deadlines and other stressful things. It was good that I wasn't overly anxious, but I also was less likely to work overtime to get things done.


What made me stop taking it was the increased jaw clenching that never went away.
There was no side effects to this treatment.
They said I could get sick to my stomach, particularly if I didn't stay up for a minimum of 1/2 hour after taking this medication.  I am not allowed to lay down, as that will cause the sickness.  I also have to wait at least 1/2 hour before taking a drink of juice, coffee, tea, etc. This drug can also cause heartburn.
Nothing noticeable.  Soluble tablet has a slightly unpleasant aftertaste.  Unknown if my vitamin B12 levels have been affected.
none
At first I seemed a bit hot. I sweat more often. Then I began not being able to handle any stress at all. I began feeling like I needed other aids to help me deal with everyday stress and I have never needed anything before. Then my stomach began to act up. I began having constipation or diarrhea constantly. Never normal. I began throwing up and now my stomach does not digest food well at all. I also was unable to sleep, severe insomnia. I chose to take myself off the medication because the stomach issues have completely taken over my life and causing major disability. The side effect have intensified so much that I cannot function daily. Severe dizziness, nausea, vomiting, and my mind has been having lapses. Sometimes I cannot get out of bed. It has been over a week.
I sometimes feel groggy the morning after. The one time I took it nightly for 3 weeks, I had been under a great deal of stress, and then jet lag (I travelled to Europe). In addition to the grogginess, I also just didn't feel good.Very hard to describe, but a bit rundown and not clear-headed. For occasional use, it is better than the alternative, though I'm not sure I believe the time-release is worth the cost. Next time I'll try the generic.
No real side effects except infections (which the doctor said was Normal???).
I have never had any negative side effects from Imitrex.
Increased risks for breast cancer and conditions caused by clots like strokes.
I gained 15 pounds, which my doctor swears was not related to the medication.  BUT - I have always struggled to GAIN weight - I weighed 95 pounds in college and finally got up to a healthy 115 with a lot of hard work.  In just the two months of being on Lexapro, I went up to 130.  Not being able to fit into any of my clothes during summer is NOT helping my depression.





Immediately upon beginning to take Lexapro, I felt "high" for about two weeks.  My doctor says "that shouldn't happen because of the medication."  Well, I wasn't doing any other drugs, so I don't know what to tell you there.





Possibly the worst side effect I experienced was a DECREASE in motivation.  If you read above, you may have noticed that one of the two reasons I sought treatment was to increase my motivation.  I had a hard time keeping my house clean and getting started on tasks.  Well, within two weeks of starting this medication, I began needing long naps (3+ hours) every day just to function.  I watched TV for the rest of the day.  I had no interest in work and basically messed around all day instead of working.  It was a severe decrease in motivation.





Also, I had no sex drive and was unable to orgasm.
My eyelids became red and itchy for the first month of use.  It was bothersome but not enough that I quit using the product.  After about 4-6 weeks the redness went away and I have not been bothered by it again.
Jitters, trembling hands.
Metallic taste in mouth, back pain, and headache (only for a few days). Nothing sleeping can't sure.
none
She had minimal hair loss on face and unwanted body areas and increased hair on head.
There were no discernible side effects. I took the drug for a year and i did not notice any side effects or changes after I stopped taking the drug.
During the 10 days taking the drug there were no side effects, however the day after the last dosage, I began having severe diarrhea, which persisted and was diagnosed as a bacterial infection called clostridium difficil, caused by the antibiotic I had taken.
The side effects associated with the use of Tazorac daily for the treatment of antiaging skin is severe dry skin, erythema or skin redness and severe flaking and burning of the skin. There was quite abit of tingling even after the gel had dried overnight.
Mild stomach discomfort.
Huge loss of appetite. CottonMouth to the extreme. Drank 4 bottles of water none helped. Very jittery. leg does not stop bouncing. Have trouble staying still..
peeling
No negative side effects were experienced.
Use of Provera once monthly for 14 days caused excessive menstrual bleeding for 3 weeks at a time.  Also experienced a localized skin irritation.
dizziness , sleepy , dry mouth very thirsty
Could not remember doing things.  ALmost like being in a time warp.  Not good to take this medication unsupervised.
After several months with no side effects I suddenly had continuous bad muscular neck pain and stiffness (particularly at night) which got better when I stopped the statin.
Patient experienced severe nausea accompanied by moderate lower right abdominal pain.
In the beginning I had very slight dizziness that would quickly subside and immediately noticed a significant decrease in appetite. After about 2 months it did not seem to work as well for the pain as it hd been. I also had what felt like strong muscle spasms that made my entire body twitch, but only for a second and only once in a while.  Therefore, I decided that I would discontinue taking the medication.  That is when my problems began.
The side effects for patient were 1) an upset stomach directly after taking pill, and 2) VERY disturbing and vivid dreams.  Patient found that, regarding the stomach upset, it was less important to have food in your stomach before taking the pill (stomach still got upset), than to actually take the pill in the midst of eating, (i.e. eat some food, take the pill, then eat some more).  This method of taking the pill virtually eliminated the stomach upset problem.  As to the vivid dreams, that is why the patient only took one pill in the morning and did not take the pill in the evening.  Although patient still occasionally had vivid dreams, the incidence was far less often than when taking the pill twice per day.
Dry, peeling skin.  Skin was more sensitive for a short time.  Also need to wear a high SPF daily for skin protection.
The side effect I have noticed is very sore swollen breasts and weight gain! Not sure if I want to stay on the Vivelle Dot for those reasons. The weight gain is making me very unhappy.
I have occasional night sweats, very vivid dreams and almost no sexual desire.
I did not experience any side effects from taking this medication.
After introducing Lotrel within two weeks I notices small red dots appear on my ankles which I thought was just a heat rash. I developed Petechiae which is the bleeding of small capillaries in the skin or mucous membrane. It appears as round pinpoint sized dots that vary in colour from red to blue or purple. These dots most commonly appear on the legs but can appear all over the body. Also an onset on Acne developed on my back at about the same time which was quite severe, and I have never had Acne related problems, even in my youth.
Dizzyiness and flushing of the skin. The side effects became worse the longer I used this drug. I became too dizzy to be able to drive and preform my job.
I noticed a slight weight gain (about 2 pounds) and still had issues with breakouts on my face prior to starting my period. There was also breakthrough bleeding, although very slight, at the times when my period would normally hit.
muscle aches, shakes, increased anxiety, strange thoughts, blurred vision
Very painful muscles, it took a while to even get them going in the morning.
none at all.
The negative side effects were the continued night eating/binging/munchies. It has caused me to gained alot of weight, which I am now trying to control with another medication...which I will start tonight.
I would have spent my last $2 on lip balm, even if I hadn't eaten in a week!  Talk about dry and flaking!   Don't even THINK about waxing.  I didn't know that you couldn't wax (it was 12 years ago and there was less information about it then) it ripped my skin right off!  Scary.  About 4 ear after my first round I did another go with accutane because my acne had returned and now, 12 years later my skin is one again pretty bad.  Unfortunately not bad enough for accutane.  I mus say however, I have never been as bad as I was before my initial treatment and my back has stayed perfectly clear since then.
Did not have any side effects  and I felt extremely good during the allergy season. I actually enjoyed the moisterizing glycerin in my nose.
vaginal yeast infection which required treatment
Shortness of breath, weakness.
Some nights I felt significant joint pain, primarily in my elbows and my shoulders.  Other nights I suffered night sweats so severe that I would have to change out of my wet pajamas.  On occasion when falling asleep I would feel very giddy, almost "high."
I am not sure if this is from the provigil or not but I have started having major breathing issues. I have had this a long time ago but started taking celexa for it and it worked. Now I am taking klonopin for it sometimes it works sometimes not. I wonder if it is being caused from the provigil.
I have had no side effects from the use of this medicine. When I first started the medication it would make me sleepy. After time this side effect past and I have no problems now.
I have some difficulty sleeping (waking up in the night). Sometimes I have diarrhea, but not enough so it stops me from taking it. I have not had any weight gain, but do feel bloated sometimes. Once in awhile I get a weird high feeling which passes very quickly.
I had drowsiness, dizziness, ichy at night with some nausea and dizziness in the mornings.
None that I could detect. Nothing noticeable. Maybe just a bit more insomnia but I had that before taking Zoloft.
Dryness at the corners of the mouth was the major problem. I find if you apply moisturizer or a small amount of vaseline to the area prior to apply the Differin, the irritation will resolve quickly.
There was a feeling of complete disassociation from reality, people, feelings. I felt as if i was depressed. However at the same time I experienced times of being unable to control any emotions, my mood swings were extreme and I was completly unable to stop some fairly manic expressions of emotions. This could have been the nicotine withdrawal, but continued for a two - three month period. I stopped the drug about three weeks before prescribed as I became tired of the inability to feel happy / pleased / content. I experienced mild episodes of anxiety, vertigo and breathlessness - as I was aware these were side effects they did not overly concern me.
Inability to reach orgasm or ejaculate. Dry mouth.
SO FAR, I HAVE ONLY EXPERIENCED HEADACHES AROUND THE TIME WHEN I TAKE OUT MY RING.
Side effects are I occasionally experience heartburn and nausea after taking the medication if I do not take it with food. Also another downside of this medication is that if i take it when the cramping has started long and severe, it is less effective and it takes a lot longer for the medication to be effective, no matter how much i take.
The problem for me if my strange dreams. Plus, my sexuality is not that good anymore because i can not have orgasum! Thats not that cool...
Noticed when skipping a dosage for 2-3 days, heightened anxiety returned.
none that I know of.
It made me drowsy all week; also sporadic dizziness.  Chronic nasal congestion (stuffy nose) was also unpleasant.
constipation, stomach upset
None.
None.  There didn't appear to be any side effects to taking this prescription.  The one drawback was that it took time to dissolve and frequently there was discomfit prior to it dissolving.
Can fall asleep at my desk or driving without much notice.  Reduced the amount I was taking from 200 mg to the 100mg.
none; however, anxiety was a result because of the confusing way the dosage was explained.  Here is the detail:


2 tabs today, then 2 tabs twice a day for x3 days, 1 tab 2x daily x2 days, then 1 tab in am x2 days.
Rash, red eyes
Shock anaphylactic
Awful!  Difficulty sleeping, extreme fatigue.  Weight gain. Swollen knees, ankles and feet.  My knees were severely affected -- difficulty getting up and down stairs, could not get out of a car by myself.  When I stopped taking the drug, my knees improved to the point where I am freely ambulatory, but they are still stiff with some pain.  I have had to consult an orthopedist, who tells me he has seen MANY such cases.  X-rays show I have the knees "of a person 20 years younger," but the muscles have been grossly affected.
None to speak of except for slight tiredness.
I haven't really had any noticeable side effects.
My skin got very dry, including my lips. I had to use a significantly heaver moisturizer and lip ointment to keep my skin/lips from cracking.
tired
Taken daily, Prevacid unfortunately caused severe side effects which included dizziness and a woozy feeling like I was over medicated. The side effects were so severe that I often was unable to work and needed to lie down and occasionally took a nap.
Actiq, when taken as directed, induces a feeling of numbness. and slurred speech is common. Thinking becomes confused and it is not unusual to fall asleep in mid-sentence. Actiq slows breathing and causes extreme tiredness.  Actiq are highly addictive and it is literally impossible to stop taking them without a medical detoxification.


Actiq delivered in subcutaneous form causes the teeth to rot after extended use of more than 6 months.
Treatment ended 2 months ago and have still got throat pain and a swallowing issue. Have been back to my GP only to be told its all in my mind!


If anyone knows how to get rid of this problem please email me on tubsevans@yahoo.co.uk
The only side effects that I have experienced so far is the dry mouth and the odd time I have a mild headache but that has since passed.
None.  Seriously, I could not even tell I had taken a drug, there were no impacts whatsover, either positive or negative.
I really did not have any side effects.  It has been reported that headache is common, however I did not experience that at all.  I did not have any problems with my sleep schedule either.
For the first month, there was slight depression/moodiness, but that may have been due to the fact my body was adjusting to being on birth control
my appetite increases. i gained weight i was tired all the time. i also had balance problems i also had periods of nasuea
None
The patient felt mild headeaches, in addition there were mild symptoms of nausea
I never had any side effects.  The only drawback is that you have to take the medication on an empty stomach or wait three hours after you eat.  However, they prefer you take it in the morning.  So what I do is keep my medicaton next to my bed and take it the very first time I wake up in the morning whether it's 4, 5, or 6 am.
Some sleepiness
I started craving carbs. I gained weight but I didn't care because I was feeling REALLY good. As the years went by, I had to keep increasing and was up to 100mg. I had VERY dry mouth, I got to where I couldn't talk because my throat was so dry. I had to have a bottle of water next to me ALL the time, and I chewed gum constantly. I had to take laxatives every 3 days. I was so sick of it, I went to my doctor to see what was wrong with me. She thought it might be the amitriptyline, so she told me to wean off of it and she gave me 30mg of Cymbalta to start. I went down to 50mg and already started to feel my mouth was not so dry. Not sure how the Cymbalta is going to work since I've only taken it 4 days now, but I'm hoping it works.
dryness, redness, irritation and peeling - it took a gradual working up to the 1% dosage without having serious redness/itching-pain/dryness/sensitivity.  I had already been on retin-A so my skin was already acclimated somewhat and yet I still had side effects.  I discovered that it's most important to wait at least 40-60 min. after washing your face before applying and apply only the very least amt necessary to have the thinnest of layers (more than that and you just get peeling).  And imperative NOT to use soap - change to a cleanser - cetaphil or other.  also,  an hour or two after applying, add a strong moisturizer.  With time, i needed a stronger daytime moisturizer too.  Redness/itching/burning/ decreased significantly within 2-3 months but skin remains highly sensitive and prone to dryness.  Sunscreen is a must and it was hard to find one that did not make my skin sting though most of the time, that stinging didn't last long (5-10 mins).  Overall though, with patience and time and not pushing and rushing things..it was well worth it 


Oh, and sometimes, like when I travelled to dry locations, I had to stop treatment temporarily , or had severely dry and peeling skin.  I have since discovered vaseline as a great preventative for that ! :)
Memory and cognitive impairment, eye pain and vision blurriness.
HORRIABLE taste in mouth with 15 minutes of taking it. Even breathing tasted bad as when the air hit my mouth and airway the taste was intensified. I tried to drink water to get rid of the taste and promptly threw up the taste was so bad. Within half an hour of taking the pill I developed a red rash on my face, and in an hour had a full blown lights and floaties migraine. To top it all of my insomonia was actually MADE worse. Two hours after taking the pill I am more awake and alert then I was BEFORE taking it.
Joint pain, back pain and cramping
I have really had no major side effects yet. Maybe, if any, a headache and I'm not sure that is one?
There was terrible side effects while on the treatment  but even worst when she tried to stop the medication.  While on the treatment the worst side effect was the suicidal thoughts   .  Also  constant dry mouth , headaches .


   when she discontinued the treatment   the dizziness  & the ringing in the ears were unbearable .
Discomfort at injection side, seen little increased infection (i.e colds, flu etc) however only been taking for 3 months so far
There was dry mouth and some insomnia.. I also felt I was having anxiety attacks
The iris atrophied.  It is now impossible for my pupil to open to adjust to changing light conditions.  The iris aslo scarred to the lense making a followup cataract removal operation complicated.  The drug sped up the formation of cataracts.
None
It does cause the skin to flake and peel but this can be counteracted with a good moisturizer.  Also, my face gets red or flushed easily with the slightest irritant.  Lastly, not being able to stay in the sun is a downfall.
The medication made you very tired.  Soon after taking the medication you fell asleep.  After waking up, you feel groggy and tired.  The feeling is like you didn't get enough sleep and you will feel this way all day.
none
none- one of the first times a bipolar medication has NOT caused side effects for me.
severe ankle swelling, stomach pain
cramps in lower legs.  I took a magnesium supplement and it reduced the effect.
A total loss of any sexual sensation.  Prior to treatment interest in sex was low but paradoxically, when a feeling of psychological well-being produced a renewed interest in sex, the drug also removed the physical ability to engage in it.  Orgasm was impossible and physical arousal was too weak to be effective. 


The worst part was withdrawal following treatment.  It took at least 6 months of extremely gradual tapering off to withdraw, and I was on a low dose.  Any attempt to withdraw faster would produce chaotic mood swings from hysterical laughter to violent, yelling rages.  Every emotion, however mild, was magnified exponentially.  Sexual sensation also went off the scale with such hypersensitivity that ejaculations happened spontaneously without any physical stimulation - a sneeze or a yawning stretch would morph into an immediate ejaculating orgasm without any erection.  Throughout the withdrawal period a sensation of electric brain shocks extending to the arms and trunk would accompany any quick eye movement.
tired and dizzy at first
none, had a period of constipation for a couple of weeks, months after starting loratadine which has ceased currently. It has been 3 months since that time so it could be from something else which I could never pin point
None that I have noticed, so far.
none
Dry lips. Greater need for sun protection.
some dry mouth, made me sleepy. When taking it on a daily basis for a number of months, I found that it was actually making me depressed, and causing other some cognitive recall problems, so I stopped taking it. As a medical doctor said, it's not a "clean" drug
I haven't experienced any typical anti-depressant side effects with Cymbalta (dry mouth, nausea, heart racing, figgity). The only thing I have noticed is a few hrs after I take it I get really tired, and could use a nap. So, I'm going to try taking it later in the day so I don't crash in the middle of the day.
I felt ditzy while on the drug and had a hard time sleeping.  I also felt the waves of how this drug would work and it was sometimes frustrating.
nightmares, some drowsiness during the day, minor weight gain
innsomnia every night . after 2 weeks had a severe allergic reaction itching hives and swelling of hands and eyes had to receive hospital treatment and taken off the drug.
Confusion, craving sweets
The side effects were dehydration, decreased urination, malaise, fatigue, 


the most irritating was the stupor the drug caused..aka "stupermax"
When I first began using the product I suffered serious side effects, especially to my neck.  My face became very, very dry and red, and it hurt.  After several weeks of toughing it out, I ended up skipping a nightly dose, and I think that helped.  It allowed my skin to recover a bit so that when I got back on the reginme the following night, I didn't suffer quite as badly.  From that time on, my neck just itched . . . and itched . . . and itched.  After about two weeks, though, my skin acclimated fully.
Caused severe hyperpigmentation on skin unprotected with 


SPF.
but it caused memory loss and again an incident involving retail theft. The retail theft occured while on just 5 mg of abilify. It effected my judgement/reasoning skills because I did not tell my doctor & allowed him to continue to increase dosage up to 15mg when I became expremely restless. Could not set down, paced for hours & called my doctor about this. Also during the 2 months I was taking this drug I charged a little over 15,000 on my credit cards that had no balance on them previously. If one did it was under $300. I still am currently unemployed & am having difficulty finding employement as a RN, due to my criminal record within the last year. If I had problems before taking antipsychotics, they were nothing compared to what I have now.
None
None.  I do pretty well on penicillin type drugs.
Over a period of several months, I got to a point where I ached so much in the morning that I could hardly get out of bed, I could control the pain with OTC painkillers. I had been able to carry a 40 pound bag of dog food easily, I got so that I could barely carry five pounds of groceries. I felt that I had aged about twenty years in a few months!
There were no visible side effects that I was aware of. My only complaint was that it took about 3 months before I noticed that the occurance of medium to large pimples had stopped.
none
mild nausea, mild stomach irritation, can develop yeast infection for can you can counter these effects by taking a little food by mouth with the antibiotics however the food cannot be dairy.  Also to counter the possibility an yeast infection eat yogurt but only 1 hour before taking the pills or 2 hours after taking the pills
Made me groggy the next morning.
Barely any despite some slight confusion.
i felt less of every emotion.  i felt emotionally flat.  Slept a lot.  When I wasn't sleeping, I really could not even have driven a car.  Made me a zombie.
dry mouth, tired throughout the day, yawning, lack of wanting to go out.
None. However it did take a long while to see many of the results, perhaps 3 to 6 months for many of the noticeable effects, even though there was some energy improvement noticed within days.
none really.
is teratogenic, not to be used if intending to have children. Otherwise none whatsovere- i am female, by the way
Severe appetite loss and some weight loss.
occasional headaches and nausea,occasional ticking noise in the back of my head, and decreased sex drive,
I gained ten pounds in the few months that I took this medicine.
Sun sensitivity, sensitivity of the skin, dehydration, tightness - they disappear after several months of constant use.
The side effects for me included slightly lowered sex drive but not completely gone and climax is still possible.  I am drowsier on this drug than I was before and have lost some of my motivation regarding goals and dreams.  However, it is worth it to also lose the insomnia and crying spells.
This drug gave me very strange dreams.
Weird taste in mouth, almost like a metallic taste.  Also, severe yeast infection.
none
The only side affect noted is feeling tired.
I was sweating all the time, also loss of appetite and sex drive. Uncomfortable in my skin. Constipation. Horrible to stop taking. Very hard to lessen the dosage and not feel like I was shaking out of my skin. Very edgy, trembles.
Not much BUT after 9 months my original symptoms seem to be returning


Not slowly its happend almost overnight and I have no idea why?
Slight skin irritation, temporary. Dulling of mental activity, feeling of no concern regarding important subjects. Eventually feeling the drug was inhibiting overall life progress.
None
Bloating/weight gain, swollen hands/ankles, unable to wear contact lenses, decreased sex drive, moodiness, depression, breast enlargenment, headaches, diarrhea... the list goes on and on.
dosing is extremely important as it takes many blood tests to determine correct dosage.  Not having the dosage quite right will basically result in the same symptoms that you are having issues with.  I have suffered basically no significant side effects other than that.
mild headache at the start, and loss of appetite.
red bumps, scaley dryness, breakouts around nose and chin, rash on neck and chest. Did not like the smell of the product. Took months to reverse the rash around nose and on chin. Had to try numerous other products to reverse side effects. Skin became extremely sensitive to all other products.
I developed joint pains and arthritis as well as constipation, stomach aches, and overall reduced health.
None discerned.
Side Effects:: Memory and problem solving - Constant tiredness, lack of interest. Hard to concentrate on necessary Paperwork - i.e. Taxes (TurboTax) Last year I had no problem with concentrating or filling in the forms on the program. Now I have a hard time even sitting down to do it. I was motivated - now I've lost the drive to get the job done - and I know I have to do it. I have trouble understanding. I used to look forward to using TurboTax - what I understood last year I can't seem to follow this year.
I was extremely tired both 1 month times I tried this! I already was tired from FMS and this more than doubled. I had no relief of aches or pain! Nothing! But, I wanted to try it the second time just to be sure.





Well, I am going to try it again. Gluton for punishment? NO! I want to find something to HELP Me! I want a better life without pain or less pain. But I don't want to be so tired I go from the couch to the bed all day long. 





This Fibromyalgia was a blow to My active life and I want it back!!  So I'll write another review after this 3rd try of Lyrica!!
carbohydrate cravings leading to overeating and overweight.  I also tended to always needto increase the dose over the years. When I started using this drug, I was given a 50mg dose hs.  I developed a tolerance and the dose needed to be increased until it reached 300mg.
None that I have noticed. I used to have painful swelling regularly and now I don't.
I felt more anxious than before starting on this medication, these effects lasted about ten days, i began having headaches which lasted about a week. I carried on taking citalopram for six weeks with no benefit, so my doctor increased the dose to 40mg daily. Four weeks later i decided to stop this medication as I felt like a zombie, as though my thoughts were on a go slow. I quit there and then, which i know is not advisable, but I just wanted to get this drug out of my system. The worst withdrawl symptom I had was the strange dreams/nightmares. I will never forget them, they were so vivid and funnily enough i had not had (remembered) any dreams for the previous five years.
burning sensation on occasion
none at 300 mg.  Possible tinnitus from increase to 450 mg, not evaluated by an audiologist yet though.  Did experience weight loss (7 lbs.) at 450 mg dosage.
The pt developed severe "gait freezing" , gait shuffling, severe muscle weakness, and gereral stupor
Unfortunately, there were many side effects such as diarrhea, nausea, occasional vomiting, extreme fatigue, foggy mind. Bruising at the injection site was also very common.
Fatigue and gas.
none
stomach bloating,tired feeling,hallucination and no sound sleep
Wellbutrin can make me feel anxious, which is why I have a prescription for clonazepam whenever I am taking wellbutrin. The worst side effect was the cost. I have no health insurance and wellbutrin xl is very expensive. I did not notice weight loss, as some others have, nor did I ever notice an increase in my libido. I tolerated it very well.
only side effect was  sore tummy on the odd occasion i took it without food
none
None so far.
constipation, high feeling, loss of mental skills. I had a minor operation on my foot and sufered a servere reaction to the anesthesia. they could not wake me up for 2 days. during this time i also had seizures.
ocassional diarrhea and headache.
I took Wellbetrin XL for a little while, but I didn't like it because I felt like my emotions were on a rollercoaster ride. I went back to the generic form of Wellbutrin SR and I felt better, I would like to try the name brand of Wellbutrin since I have heard that it is actually better than the generic.I don't recall any bad side effects,except a little dry mouth.
Side effects included:


- Stinging & pain


- Peeling


- Pinkness (exacerbated rosacea)
after taking the highest dosage for a period of 1 year or so, the medication seems to have dried out and damaged my hair, and made my skin significantly drier and scalier.
drowsiness. i couldn't take it and then be expected to work. this could get tricky.
The only side effect I have experienced is that the patch leaves sticky stuff on your skin.  The adhesive can be very difficult to remove.
I did not gain or loose weight. My sex drive became non-existent. I was no longer able to achieve orgasm. This really became an issue only when my dose was increased from 10 mg to 20 mg. Ultimately, I stopped the pill because of this. Now, I am starting again (only 10 mg/day) because I am so lethargic, depressed, and full of obsessive thoughts.
dry mouth. for 1st couple of weeks, became VERY jittery after drinking coffee (this has stopped).
Excessive sleepiness, lack of concentration, feelings similar to those that one would experience taking oxycodone.  I felt "high" for many hours after taking this drug.
Only mild slightly woozy feelings. Exacerbated when I took higher dose of 1 & 1/2 tablets
None
I do not know that all side effects were attributable to the Clonozapam alone or a combination of one or all drugs.  I did take just the Clonozapm and Lovastatin the first year.   Regardless, everytime I looked up a symptom on the web, it always pointed to MS.  My Neurologist did say we should investigate it, but we never did.  Anyway, I could not sleep for days on end, I had excessive hand tremors, voice tremors, unsteady gait, tintinnitus, eyesight problems, urinary problems, memory problems and a bunch more I can't even recall at the moment.  I weaned myself off the medicine in 3 months time and am very much improved but only after months and possibly years of being removed from all the problems.  I'd like to mention that at one point in time I took the cholesterol drug that Dr. Jarvis promotes...I can't remember the name and had to quit within the first week as it gave me pains in the front of my thighs that could take your breath away.  I know for a fact that that symptom was in fact attributable to that drug.  A good effect that came from that drug though was the almost immediate shrinkage of my breast cysts...I had many on both sides.  Upon starting on that drug, I could actually feel them draining, dissapating or whatever you might call it.  They have not returned, so I am very thankful for that aspect of the drug.  Because of the leg pain though, I found it intolerable.
redness and irritation. increased sensitivity to sun exposure.  but only after about 30 days of applications or so
No negative side effects
I've heard that some people turn into gamblers.  Not a joke.  But I have never had any abnormal urges to gamble while taking it.  I am not a gambling person. In fact the medication has never made me want to do anything wrong or strange and I've never had trouble or side effects at all unless I suddenly stop taking it and then I can't sit still or sleep becuase I am jumping around.
If I am stressed, I seem to be jittery and the benefits are not as prominent.
The only side effects I noticed were during the first two days or so of taking Provera I was more tired than usual.  I also noticed I felt more bloated than when I was not taking it.
At first when I started the phentermine, it made me very thirsty and a little bit jittery but that wore off after about a week.  I also had trouble falling asleep at first if I didn't take the medication early enough in the morning and woke up quite a bit throughout the night. These side effects all diminished after about a month of usage.
I experienced severe flew like symptoms and severe headaches that worsened with each dose.
None. I have not had any effects from the drug other than stopping the depression.
slight weight gain, and a bit(not too much) sleepier.
there was reddening, thickening of the area the medication was placed. some peeling and itching occurred at the wound treated.
I mainly experienced the following side effects: diarrhea, stomach cramps, indigestion, flatulence, oily stool, defecation urgency.
A little drooziness in AM
Extreme fatigue. For the first week I became so tired that immediately after coming from work I'd go to bed. I cut back to one pill a day and have greatly improved. Haven't had the nerve to work back to 2 pills a day due to the last reaction.
dry mouth, difficulty sleeping
after 1 year severe pain/cramps in the feet (plantar fasciitis), over the 2 years about 20 kg weight gain, after 2 years very swollen legs: lymph oedema and now (2 1/2 years) i can hardly walk, so much pain in lower legs, lower back. I stopped with crestor and after 1 week; no more leg pain, i can walk again, no more tight feelings in my feet. NO MORE CRESTOR!
None
Slight stomach naseau if not taken with food.
Side effects were horrific. I gained weight, developed horrible acne, and i was severely depressed the entire time. When choosing the depo shot i was excited to not have to worry about taking the pill, lightening or stopping my periods, and the guaruntee of contraception. Boy was i wrong. All of the previous side effects were bad enough, but after the first month on the shot, i continued to have my period for nearly 2 months straight. for some reason my period never stopped. The worst part about this contraceptive is that once you take the shot, there is no going back. I highly recommend a different birth control. I am now on the nuvaring and so far i am pleased with the results. Mild nausea at night the first week but that is my only complaint. Much better choice if you are looking to avoid pills. :)
Sever tiredness, not able to leave the house after taking the medicine.
I felt weird, hard to describe, but not like myself.I couldnt sleep, I had weird vivid dreams, nauseated for about an hour after taking pill.
The side effects are the same as the benefits to me.
Vaginal Yeast Infection, itchy red rash over entire body except face. Arms and legs had the most severe rash.
Could still wake up in  middle of the night and not be able to fall back asleep. I would sometimes fell groggy in the morning, especially at the begaining stage.  It seems as if the effectivness starts to wear off with continued use.
Definitely lower my libido. Sleepiness when I first started taking it.
After getting off the shot it took nearly 2 years to get pregnant with our second child; however that was to be expected as it took over a year to get pregnant with my first (Depo was my first experience with birth control). There was mild weight gain, once I started dieting and exercising I was able to deal with it though. Some mild acne but nothing anyone besides me ever noticed.
I was told yeast infections are a common side-effect with antibiotics. I noticed the beginnings of one after about four weeks so I started eating two 6 oz low-fat organic yogurts a day and I haven't had that problem again.
I haven't taken Solodyn now for a week and I am experiencing very itchy skin, achy joints, and fatigue.  The itchy skin is mostly on my scalp and neck. Today I had itchy hives on my leg as well.  The joint pain is mostly in my right hand and wrist. It hurts to make a fist and then open my hand back up. I've had allergic reactions to other meds before, but they would stop when I stopped the medicine.  For some reason, these nasty side effects are lingering.
My only major complaint is that since Suboxone is an opioid (though different from Heroin, Oxy, etc.) it causes constipation. 





Due to Suboxone's opioid blocking effect, if pain medication were needed in a hospital emergency setting, there could be complications. If I came in to the ER with a broken arm and they gave me a shot of Morphine, it would do absolutely nothing. Though this hasn't been an issue for me yet.
This medication plunged me into experiencing menopausal symptoms. i took a blood test and my GP told me that I was not menopausal and gave me under arm deodorant which stung for the excessive sweating. My skin became extremely dry. I have no more natural vaginal secretions. My hair became very dry and I am experiencing small bald patch sin the front hair line.my sleeping pattern is absolutely awful. I look tired and haggard all the time, with enormous eye bags.The pain in my knees became a lot more severe
I've experienced no side effects with this medication as in opposition to some others which have given me problems, especially stomach discomfort/upset.  I do usually follow-up with yogurt or another form of pro-biotic after prescription antibiotics.
none
When first started taking the drug, patient experienced diarrhea.  Lowered the dose and then increased it gradually instead, also splitting it into one dose in the AM and one in the PM, and the side effects disappeared.
Excessive prolonged coughing spells, especially at night, occasional diarrhea, isolated, patchy skin rashes on torso and extremities and itchy scalp all noticed within a week of starting this drug and has been persistent since.
I TRUSTED MY DOCTORS AND KEPT INCREASING THE DOSE FROM THE INITIAL 300MG, 3 X DAY TO A TOTAL OF 3,000MG PER DAY. MY JOINTS BEGAN TO ACHE AND SWELL AND EVENTUALLY I COULD HARDLY WALK WITHOUT EXTREME PAIN. MY HUSBAND HAD TO ACTUALLY HELP ME IN AND OUT THE TUB. MENTALLY, I FELT WOODEN AND SPACEY. EVENTUALLY, I DECIDED TO DISCONTINUE THE DRUG AND UNLIKE DENIALS FROM MANY DOCTORS, THE SIDE EFFECTS FROM WITHDRAWAL FROM THIS DRUG WERE HORRIBLE. I EXPERIENCED EXTREME ANXIETY, INTENSE SWEATING, AND TERRIBLE NIGHTMARES. IT WAS APPROXIMATELY 3 MONTHS BEFORE I BEGAN TO FEEL HUMAN AGAIN, EXCEPT FOR THE EXCRUATING PAIN FROM THE NEUROPATY IN MY BACK.
no side effects and no problem when stopped
throwing up alot, bad headaches, twitching, crazy heart beat, loss of appetite (which is a plus in my eyes), and happy thoughts (like "wow im soo beautiful" for some reason would pop in my head alot), as well as some negative thoughts and worrying about homework constantly which is fine to because i would get it all done.
Getting on the drug was tough, because I endured insomnia, sweating, loss of appetite, high-anxiety, shaking, hands, and restlessness.  After about 2-3 weeks, however, all those symptoms went away, once my body got used to it.  I did have some weight gain, but I was really skinny to begin with.
Loss of energy.  Huge increase in anger and irritability over seemingly non-issues.  Personality changes to being more depressed and pessimistic.  World view was negative, and everyone was an 'asshole'.  Did not want to do anything or try anything or go out.  Not even things normally that were turn ons ie. movies, dancing, sex, food


After 6-8months on the drug, it helped not at all and sleep was down to 1-2 hours per nite.
The drug made me nauseated the first month I took it. The only other significant ongoing side effect I experienced was constipation.
There were no side effects that I was aware of
During treatment I would get very weepy and depressed any time I was awake.  Of course I slept for hours after I would take it.  Other than those two things there were no side effects.
None noted
It seems to give me a tendency to gain weight in the abdomen.  I did try some alternatives, including Nexium, which was not a good substitute at all!
The drug upset my stomach mildly. Otherwise no side effects noticed.
Made her sensitive to the sun, easily sunburned
I think I remember not being able to taste very well.  But that could've been a side effect of the flu. And after taking Tamiflu the first time, I kinda remember being able to breathe more deeply than normal.  That effect wore off after a few hours.  Seemed to get used to the medication & didn't experience anything else.
I suffered increased anxiety, more dilusions, several migraine headaches, insomnia and tremors.  I became even more unable to function than I was prior to taking the drug.
night sweats


polyps in the womb


brought about the menopause


weight gain
Edema.
trouble breathin- confusion- sleepiness- fatigue- depression
sleepiness
The side effect mainly was weight gain, especially around the abdominal area. I've been on a medically supervised diet to lose the weight I gained from the drug and have lost weight but not around my abdomen, it seems the Olanzapine can cause this type of weight gain.
dry eyes, anal fissure - both were diagnozed by my phisicians. Initially I didn't attribute these side effects to Yasmin, but both improved dramatically once I stopped taking the medication. The fissure would heal for 3 year and I considered this condition cronic - but it healed within a months of me stopping Yasmin.
Initially Lexapro lowered sex drive but this seems to have returned to normal. Occasional dry mouth. On 10mg Lexapro failed to relieve depression and associated symptoms. On 20mg Lexapro resulted in an overall flat feeling where patient was unable to feel any strong emotions (happy, sad, angry).
The side effects at first were that if she didnt take it the pain would come back.   She was eventually diagonsed with large cell carcinoma of the lungs.  She had an exam before taking celebrix and was clear but after 2 years of taking it she had cancer. whilst in hospital she learnt that fellow patients also taking the same medication also developed large cell arcinoma of the lungs. Is it a coincidene i may ask?.I also remember she was short of breath.
Acute joint and muscle pain to the point of almost not being able to walk.  In particular, ankles were so sore I could not put weight on them.
I had extreme drowsiness.  I could not even drive or think clearly.  I had to discontinue taking it and go back to claritin. I even tried to take it at bed time.  I still could not function the next day.
My skin was very sensitive to sunlight and it was difficult to protect my skin given the sensitivity of creams to cause acne flair ups.
peeling. It has made my skin really dry. Caused irritation and more redness. Skin was very sensitive
There were strange sensations when 2+ doses were missed. Certain sounds seemed exaggerated.
drowiness, lightheadedness.
Weight gain, which is to be expected when you "feel better"
if I take more than four over a few days I will get very tired
I have experienced No side effects to date
None
To be honest I have had no side effects that I can determine.
no side effects
There were no noted side effects of this drug. Note that you have to space your vitamin intake in a several hour timeframe on either side of taking this drug, and the drug must be taken with a full glass of water.
No side effects encountered.
Peeling which can chafe the skin and interfer with putting on face makeup. However, I have built up such a tolerance, I would have to apply Retin-A 2-3 times daily to achieve major peeling. It is hard to measure the anti-aging effect, as I don't know what I would look like without having used Retin-A.
Side effects were minimal.  I'd feel tired/lethargic following the initiation of it's effects, but the fatigue might be related to the Migraine headache rather than the drug (??).  I would sometimes get a "rebound" migraine headache of decreased intensity approximately 2 days after the treatment.
One of the cycles yielded like 3-4 good follicles which I thought were too much but took the risk anyway.
I experienced moderate constipation as well as excessive night sweating.  Would become completely drenched in sweat during sleep. Also experienced sexual side effects (low libido). The thing I really don't like about effexor is that if I miss a day for some reason, I begin to experience feelings of dizziness within 24 hours.
a little nausea. This medication has a high risk of addiction. When you take it be very careful that you do not misuse. The lortab reduces the pain on the first pill however as you take the medication it seems to take more pills as you go along to recieve the same releif as first.
The only drawback to using the patch is a mild allergy to the adhesive.  Sometimes the patch slips and has come off several times in the bath, so I've had to pull out a new one.  I do not like having to take progesterone separately in pill form, or at all, but with a uterus it is necessary.  I'm also concerned about long-term effects.
I have experienced no side effects, except sleeping at night.  The warning says that it might make you drowsy, but that's also why they say to take it at night.
none
Severe constapation, moody, and became physicaly dependant
The side effects I experienced with Celexa were heart palpitations during the first few weeks of taking it, which later subsided.  Yawning was also a side effect, but it went away after a couple of months.
there were not any side effects.
None noticed
only been on seasonique for 1 month and 1 week  i have lost all sex drive which for me is a big difference ( husband thought it was his fault) my breast were sore for 3 days and became 3 sizes bigger..breast are still sore and i have mobile lumps in my breast that occured  .i actually made an apt. with my Doctor for tomorrow 5-13-10 about the lumps..something they dont tell you but is in the fine print in the boxes in the WARNING SIGNS is that it causes lumps and breast cancer..i am really hopeing it is not..beside that  every side affect i feel is  what would happen if pregnant..dizzyness,nausea,irritable,fatige ,breast swelling..but i am not pregnant (checked today negative) and yes i have also seen acne breakouts on my face and chest..
Side effects were a little troubling to me.  Although the pain was not diminished completely, I noticed that when I had severe pain, the meds did absolutely no good.  Perhaps if I'd taken more than the recommended dosage, it would have been effective, but I did not want to do that.  It also had a negative effect on my brain.  I could not think clearly, I felt like I was in a fog.  I also spent alot of time sleeping which was another side effect I did not like.
Extreme drowsiness, weight gain.
Dry skin, minor irritation
the effexor actually makes me feel worse. i started with 75 mg, 3 per day. was increased to 300 mg per day. my emotions are blunted and flat. my joy for living is gone. i'm having some concenttration problems, and short term memory loss. so i'm going back to dr. to see what else is out there. i've heard bad things about cymbalta and pristiq, so i'm just confused as to what really works.
Severe headache, body aches and joint pain. I spent 6 foggy days feeling like I had the worst case of the flu ever. All I did was sleep and urinate for 6 days -the other end was so constipated I didn't go for four days. My stomach hurt less before my gall bladder surgery than with this drug.  I will NEVER take macrobid again and I don't know how a responsible pharmaceutical company can manufacture a drug they know can produce worse problems then it cures.
None.
I had no side effects.
There was one morning I only had an 80 calorie granola bar for breakfast and I took my dose and I ended up having terrible nausea. Will never make that mistake again.
I noticed a slightly lowered libido and possibly a more slowly growing beard. My libido seems to be back to normal.
The drug is an anti-depressant. The side effect was sleepiness, which is also therapeutic when taken at night.
Within about 15-30 min, I start feeling mild tingling in my throat, back of my neck & chest. Its a little scary the first time, but it only lasts for about 10-15 min and then my migraine disappears with the side effects! No drowsiness or feeling groggy like others have complained of in my experience. I have found that it is more effective and works more quickly if I'm able to lay down in quiet when I "feel" it starting to work.
Weight gain 4 lbs, my weight has  always been stable, bloatiness/gas (uncomfortable)


hair loss (more than usual and thinner), depression (crying for no reason)
For the first month of taking ortho tri cyclen i was a little moody.  When my period started the first month i was very moody but that only lasted about 3 days.  The second month of my period my pms calmed down and now i have no mood swings and only one day of cramps.
I had no side effects.
The major side effect of drowsiness is desirable in my case, but it also has a marked side effect of weight gain.  In addition, there is a dry mouth effect that seems to resolve after a month or two.
A slight change in the coulour of the treated eye.
There were hardly any noticeable side effects.


The only thing I had to care about, was to take the medicine (Ibuprofen) with food/ a meal because otherwise it would cause gastric problems.


And I took the second daily pill with dinner and left some ours before go to sleep.


Perhaps Ibuprofen causes a light drop in bloodsugar - but Im not definitely sure about that.
When started on treatment: vivid images when eyes closed, trembling, anxiety, feeling of detachedness


Throughout treatment: Insomnia and disrupted sleep patterns, some dizziness at times, muscular twitching, fidgeting and spasming, weight loss due mostly to fidgeting all the time


Coming off treatment: what others have termed "brain shivers", a sort of brain zing which was very disturbing, crying, feeling like the depression was coming back
Nausea if taken on an empty stomach, shakiness, dry mouth.
reddness, flaking, sensitive skin. Was not able to tolerate any other skin care products
Initially the medication made me very drowsy. I began taking it at bedtime, which seemed to eleviate that particular concern.  I think there may have been some weight gain, but I am not certain that it was specifically related to the Lexapro. Also, I did initially have difficult acheiving orgasm, but this side effect seemed to diminish within 6-9 months.
Bad taste in mouth in morning only, easily fixed with brushing. Some vivid dreams.
the effects are good, if I took all at once as originally prescribed i got too jittery and hot initially, followed by a bit of a crash.  the way to do it is throughout the day in the smaller dose.
Dry lips, dry skin, dry hair, dry eyes and sensitivity to sunlight.
Constipation, sweating and rapid heart rate.
Virtually no side effects, other than very slight drowsiness several hours after taking it...almost not noticeable.
Patient started with a sporadic cough. Any fragrance at all no matter how light the fragrance was would trigger a cough attack. Patient thought it was allergies. It then worsened and she was coughing day and night. She couldn't even sleep. It became so severe she was coughing all the time, when she talked when she ate. It was exhausting and debilitating, the cough was killing her. She then thought it was some lung problem, although she is not a smoker.  She went to the Dr and Dr did a few allergy test and lung x rays.  Well, then finally Dr checked high blood pressure medication.  Yes, of course!!! it was the medication.  She stopped taking it and the cough was completely gone, just like magic.
for a few months the rapid drop in blood pressure resulted in slight dizziness and mild discomfort for about two to three weeks.  Once my bloodpressure reached its lowest point I no longer had headaches, nose bleeds, or swollen hands and feet.
I did not notice any adverse side effects.  Perhaps just a little bloating the day after, but that problem quickly resolved itself by drinking more water.
mild drowsiness
Mild headache and mild stomach ache
This medication, or the combination of the medication with naproxen, caused bouts of diarrhea and/or constipation.
none
first 2 weeks: chronic yawm, grogginess(subsided abfter 2 weeks)


insomnia
small red capillaries noticed at the lashline and going ip lid about 2mm.This gives an appearance of a darker lid but the skin is not darker
Extreme drowsiness the next morning/afternoon, dependence, slight headache.
The drug was considerably free of side effects. Though i don't know whether this was due to the drug, but i did get sleepy more often than usual.
None.
the side effects included mood swings, stomach upsets, head aches
I had mild diarrhea, though I'm not sure if it was due to the drug.
I did not experince any treatment side effects. However, I did get pregnant while taking the medicine, but I did not have any complications.
I got itchy eyelids. The itching was fairly mild.
none
After taking the drug, I became sick to my stomach.  I threw up everything that I had consumed prior to the procedure.  This feeling stayed with me for several hours.  I initally thought I was sick, because I did not eat when I took the first dosage.  I then took another dose, but this time I made myself eat a little something, (I could not eat much at this point), but it mattered not...I got sick again.  I threw the rest of the presciption out.
Testiclular Atrophy (permenent shrinkage). I actually have one testicle now smaller than the other.  I pray everyday that the pain will go away and that my buddies will come back but I dont think they will.  As for penile shrinkage, imagine a button on a sweater.  This drug is poison and Im looking for a class action suit.  DO NOT TAKE THIS DRUG!!!!!!!!
some dry skin especially under eye area
severe hair loss after terminating the pill, but no others whilst on it
severe heart palpitations


severe panic attack involving racing morbid thoughts with fear of dying


that stuff is poison...google side effects


I also suffered head aches and leg and foot cramps and this was from only three 500 mg doses which is very scarey in my opinion
quite severe night sweats and yawning,dry mouth,ejaculation disorder (not always a bad thing)
NO SEX DRIVE whatsoever.. NO energy, just apathy. always hungry. muscle pain, my mind is a total blank. no interest in living a life..
Drowsiness in the morning.
Dry mouth
There did not seem to be any side effects of the ibuprofen. I almost always tried to make sure and eat something or drink milk when taking the medication as indicated to take with food.  I didn't experience any problems even when taking the maximum dosage suggested, 3 within a 24 hour period.
morning residual effects, drowsiness. tendency for dependency.
There were no side affects until reached 600 mg / day.  This is above the normal dose but within dosing guidelines.
none at all during the day or evening
Lisinopril - dry cough from time to time, but it has lessened - almost none
none
Dry mouth and increased appetite which is preferable to the throbbing head pain and nausea of migraine.


Sometimes I feel a bit sleepy but not so much that I cannot function or drive. Maxalt is more gentle on my system than Imitrex and Zomig. On rare occasions, I have to take 2 Maxalt in a 24 hour period. I do not feel addicted in any way. I always carry Maxalt with me just in case. Works best at first sign of migraine.
None noticed
Some drowsiness until I got used to it.  The side effects are totally insignificant compared to the benefits.  I usually take 50 mg at bedtime. The side effect of slight drowsiness is actually beneficial as I get to sleep faster and can function the next day with out the horrendous effects of dizziness, vertigo and nausea.
There were no treatment side effects from me taking Tylenol for my headache.
Sleepiness; feeling "out of it" or not quite connected. It is not possible to work or drive when on the medication. Must be taken at night or when you don't need to perform (such as on long flights).
Experienced mild lethargy and sensitivity to sunlight; some dizziness and quesiness when taken without a meal; found that taking with small meal at bedtime eliminated all these effects (as I was asleep).
I experienced no side effects at all from this nasal spray. This was great  because I had significant side effects from all the pills I had ever tried for my hay fever/nasal allergies (dry mouth and drowsiness).
Unfortunately, the drug seemed to correlate with an increased severity of a pre-existing condition: tinnitus. The tinnitus which was moderate to begin with became severe and ultimately led me to stop taking the medication. The tinnitus, though still present, is markedly less severe and decreased almost immediately after stopping the medication.
Back pain, especially after a missed dose.  Increased urination.  Very short of breath during low to moderate exercise, increased fatigue.  Racing heart rate a few hours after taking the pill, especially if woken up unexpectedly.
nausea
slight discomfort of the prostate. felt as though it was a bit compressed or enlarged. Not anything major however. sexual functions and urination were just fine.
There was a decreased ability to have orgasms and a general numbing not quite stupor in which I existed. There was also a major decrese in appetite.
afternoon tiredness and sleepiness I usually do not experience.
Dry mouth.
It has been over a year and I have yet to see any side effects, other than increasing the dosage from 2-3mg.
This medication caused me to be nervous, tremble and I became slightly irritable.
None that i have noticed
None
I experienced NO side effects whatsoever.  I have been on many medications over the last 10 years and normally experience at least some small side effect, but have not with Lipitor.  I do get my liver function tested every few months, and so far it has been fine.  This is not a problem for me as the benefits outweigh any hassle of getting tested.
felt ill at times , lightheaded.
Increased difficulty breathing, strange taste.
Metallic taste in mouth, Constant back pain, slight Nausea, Constant Tinnitus (nonstop ringing in ears), irritable (possibly due to lack of sleep due to the tinnitus and back pain), continuous stomach pain (strong after eating).  The ringing in my ears and back pain(thoracic region) is driving me crazy, but I have to stick it out so that if treated again with this antibiotic in the future, it will be successful.  Counting down the days!!!  I just keep looking at pictures of the beach.
as any other drugs that suppress the immune system, I believe the fluticasone Propionate nasal spray is also make people more susceptible to infections than health individuals. But I guess if the congestion is so bad that one cannot get a quality sleep, it does more harm than the side effect of the nasal spray.
MEMORY LOSS. If you don't go to sleep immediately after feeling groggy, you will continue on with your life unbeknownest to you! I called people I never call, ate lots of food, watched movies, and had conversations, all of which I haven't the slightest recollection of. 


It is my belief that the long term memory effects must parallel the short term. 


Also I experienced vivid nightmares and hallucinations.


Habit forming despite denial of drug company.
I havent had any side effects that people have claimed, and erectile function is normal. Also, my sex drive was relatively low before, so i dont think that has changed.
None with Armour.  Cytomel got out of hand and I lost too much weight and my hair started to fall out.  Armour is more naturally balanced.
I was so exhausted that I could hardly get out of bed and get to work. At work, I just wanted to put my head down and go to sleep. As soon as I got home around 6pm, I had to go to bed. It was ridiculous.
No side effects, cold sores disappeared.
Slight groginess next morning.
The most annoying side side is insomnia and tremor. I take deprax to induce sleep but even with it I woke up very early. You can get used to some side effects like dry mouth, vivid dreaming and weight loss but tremor, although not serious, is very noticeable. I experienced delayed ejaculation at the begining but not now.
I have not experienced negative physical side effects that I am aware of.  This drug does not aid with digestion of food.  I still have nausea and vomitting but, not because the drug doesn't work.  My doctor explained my other symptoms result from food in stomach several hours after eating.
fatigue- more pronounced when I first started taking this drug
It sometimes makes me feel "high", vision problems, coordination problems.
I don't feel as though I have any discernible side-effects with Pentasa, but when paired with Purinethol I do have side effects such as extreme fatigue and headaches, leading me to believe the problem lies with the Purinethol. I do have intermittent constipation, which could be attributable to a number of factors in my life, but is also a side-effect of Pentasa. I also have mild headaches, muscle pain, and anxiety which are listed as possible side-effects with Pentasa, but to the best of my knowledge these symptoms were occuring prior to my starting Pentasa.  Perhaps the Pentasa exacerbates the problems, I don't know.  I know that I do worry about kidney problems, which is one of the more serious side-effects of this medicine.
It took time to figure out when to take the medicine.  From everything I've read, I am supposed to take it in the morning.  But, that made me wide awake, even at night, and it interfered with my meal schedule.  So, now I take it around 11 P.M.  I still sleep well, something new for me, and can easily wake up, feeling alert throughout the day.  I've NEVER felt this way before.  It's awesome!
Let it be known that I have been treated once before with ciprofloxacin, where I experienced no side effects. This time was a little different...





- muscle pains in thighs, chest, and traps. 


- tightness of chest 


- joint pains - specifically on the outsides of my knees. some pain in wrists, elbows, and upper back.


- semi severe pain in lymph nodes of neck w/ little to no swelling.


- complete anxiety that i had lympoma; both swollen lymph nodes and anxiety are side effects of Cipro


- general anxiety


- made me poo a lot. (kinda funny in retrospect)


- low sex drive


- pain in lower rib cage, a little higher than the kidneys. could not identify weather muscular or otherwise.


- pain in diaphragm


- pain in neck


- pain in upper jaw (only experienced this once for about an hour)


- pain in jaw would often radiate to pain in temples


- ringing in ears/dulled hearing (this would last for about 5 minutes at a time)


- very slight muscle twitching (only sometimes)


- i would get "pins and needles" very easily


- i was colder than normal for the entire two weeks


- i was very irritable - but i can't decide if my short temper was a side effect of the drug, or if it was caused by the drag of having so many side effects.





Other than the frequent bowel movements, I had no stomach or nausea problems. My bowel movements were very normal, and stomach aches were never an issue. 





All of the side effects became persistently worse, starting off as very minor side effects and progressing to a moderate stage. Some of the side effects (particularly the lymph node pain) didn't start until the second week.
Terrible taste in mouth, 4 and a half hours of constant dry-heaving, painful and sudden headaches, body aches.
None that I have noticed.
I felt manic at times, surreal. I was thirsty a lot, and forgot to eat.
I got a rash on the back of my neck that lasted for 1 year even though I only took Prozac for 2 months. Also, I couldn't sleep as a result of taking Prozac. It seemed like after I stopped taking it I still had it in my body because I couldn't get rid of the rash on my neck and it was very annoying. Thhis is the first time that anything like this has ever happened to me.
I had no noticable side effects to taking the medication.
Had daytime drowsiness.  Constipation.  Had to take a stool softner on a daily basis.  Lowered my blood pressure a little.  Slowed my heartbeat a little bit. Increased appetite.  I gained twenty pounds in a little over two years.  It slowed my metabolism.  I could eat one low calorie meal in a day and not lose one pound.
First 2 days wicked nasea. I do sweat more than usual. Trouble sleeping at times.
Harder to climax, although I didn't necessarily lose interest in sex drive.
mild constipation but relieved with fiber rich diet and liquids, strange taste and some deja vu/strange mental sensations. Cocaine Antagonist (positive)
my doctor toldme not to drive a car or swim while taking the tablet asit may have some sedative effect.when i took the tablet,i felt a sort of tiredness.and surely i slept well.these were the 2 side effects which i felt and when i stopped the tablet the symptoms disappeared.
None
The only side effect from the Climara is mild itching after removing the patch. Another side effect is actually produced by the progesterone I have to take to balance the estrogen, and that is an aggravation of my IBS - abdominal pain, gas, bloating. So I take the progesterone only 7 days/month now and the side effects are minimal.
I feel sleepy and have days where in have trouble concentrating.
Dry mouth, vivid dreams (I remember most of my dreams from the past 5 years), extreme lethargy (the Wellbutron helps counteract that)
At prescribed level of 30 mg/day I suffered fatigue and bacterial overgrowth in the stomach. At half this dose I was fine. But, needed dosage levels are different for different people.
there were none
I'm very slow to get going in the morning. I often hit my snooze alarm 10-12 times (only 5 minutes a piece), but that could also stem from setting my alarm 3 hours before I have to be anywhere.





The worst problem of it all is that it stuffs up my sinuses to the point where I can't breathe through them when getting to sleep. Combine that with dry mouth and you get some very uncomfortable nights. I've found that keeping a supply of corn chips and water next to my bed counteracts the dry mouth until I go unconscious and stop caring.





Also, something which I'm not sure if I can blame the seroquel for; I sometimes get very mild but discomforting pains just under my left collarbone. Not like heart-chest pain (from what I'd imagine it's like), but a different pain. Hopefully my heart doesn't explode randomly.
It stopped my menstrual cycle but after three months, my period came as usual so it's not a big problem. But the worst side effect for me was I got acne which was severe and left pitted scars. Not only that, I noticed my skin (whole body and face) after the acne stopped was very very dry and aged very fast. It took long time for my skin to become somewhat normal again. Hairs on my legs were getting longer and more prominent too. And another side effect was weight gain with enormous appetite which you could feel was not normal appetite. I gained about 8kg and then lost it which result in sagging skin on my face.
Nausea, Restless Leg Syndrome, dry mouth, teeth clenching, bouts of fatigue, mania (temporary...first night only), insomnia, acne, inability to edit myself in some social situations
My daughter complains of a pain in her bladder area and some constipation and her face looks a little flushed. I am considering lowering the dose to 2x 2.5ml per day
For me i didnt have any side effects.
There was mild drowsiness in the beginning or with taking the full allotted doses but no other adverse side effects.
No side effects at all, just took an antibiotic I did not need and do not see any health benefit in that at all
None.
dry mouth and nausea for first 4 days. started taking at night only and didn't notice if it was making me tired, switched to day and seems to make me feel as if i need a nap but i am studying biology right now. might switch to nights again
I have not noticed any side effects and have been taking this drug for a couple of years. It is important to note, there is no cure for cold sores (herpes). I don't know how the drug works but it seems if I am run down over the course of several weeks I may have to take the drug several times to keep a cold sore from surfacing.
Was very tired, had memory problems, weight gain.  Had trouble moving around, joint pain.
Over the past few months I have developed borderline hypertension, increased bruising, my hair texture and skin continue to worsen.
caused localized eczema that had to be treated with hydrocortisone cream, which is risky as that can cause damage to the skin under the diaper area.
There were no side effects noticed with this medication.
diarrhea
I am not sure if it is only the drug but I have almost no sexual feelings. Could just be my age...who knows.
I didn't experience any side effects until about four weeks into treatment, at which time I began breaking out in very mild hives.  They were so mild, in fact, that I originally thought they may have been caused by a lotion or cosmetic that had gotten on my skin, or maybe by something I had eaten.  The hives would come and go throughout the day, appearing very sparsely on my face, neck, and/or hands.  A few days passed, and I realized that they must have been caused by the drug, so I stopped taking it and the hives went away after a day or so.  I want to stress that these hives were very mild.  I have had allergic reactions to drugs in the past (which may have made be more susceptible this time) and every previous experience I've had with drug-related hives has been much, much worse and possibly life-threatening if not treated.  Perhaps that would have been the case with these as well if I had continued taking the drug, but they didn't seem to be particularly alarming, just mildly annoying.
flushing, tingling, prickling, weakness, drowsiness, dizziness and pounding heartbeat.
lethargy, loss of appetite.
Increasing the dosage to twice daily during high allergy season resulted in horrible side effects such as severe headache, nervousness, heart palpitations, dizziness, inability to concentrate, irritability, and the loss of appetite. I had to stop taking it altogether for four to five days, before I felt comfortable in taking it again.  Now I take only one/day regardless of the extent of allergies.
Insomnia the first week.
There were no side effects, but I was careful to only use it when needed and not to use it for more than 1 month at a time.
No major side effect. But itchy scalp and bumps like a pimples in scalp which turned into dried patches/scabs. Weight gain also. Swelling in legs after 1st dose.
Extreme swelling of face, hands and feet, as well as, raised welts on skin
Although I reached my goal weight, the drug made me very restless, anxious, moody.  I also experienced headaches, and falling asleep was not easy while on this drug.  Dizziness, light headed.
Dry skin was easily remedied with moisturizer.  My skin is aggravated by sunscreens and that concerns me, but using Clinique moisturizer has assisted with the dryness and I have not experienced any irritation.   For sun protection,  I just put on a hat when I am exposed to the sun and thus far I have had to problems with sun irritation.
Occasional burning when put into already irritated eyes.
Have not experienced any yet
Dry mouth in the morning up on waking, dry eyes.
The only side effect I recall, which was very minor, was a sluggish feeling, only if I didn't sleep for a minimum of 7 hours. This was only on one occassion.
I experience regular mild flushing, along with mild itching of ears and arms. These effects occur within an hour of dosage, and subside after 20-30 minutes. I do not take aspirin or NSAIDs, nor avoid fatty foods with the medication, as is recommended to reduce the flushing and itching.
Significant side effects - very dry mouth, sensation of burning when urinating, dry throat, dry eyes
in the past year i have been having reoccurring pink eye/blifuritis bouts.


around the same tine i have been plagued with repeated episodes of itching, strange rashes all over my body and my hands are full of unsightly cracks,sores and redness. now the episodes are getting closer and closer and worse each time.
I experienced mood swings, short temper, thirst. I was constantly thirsty and had mild tension headaches too. Often, I will flare up for no good reason but the outbursts went away swiftly. I also observed that I am quite bloated after food.
Irrational thinking, disrupted thought process, Slow reactions while operating a vehicle
The major side effect was persistent thoughts of suicide - always by hanging. These thoughts developed after about three weeks of treatment and became more persistent as time went on. Patient stopped taking the medication after two months subsequently informing attending physician, who initially did not believe that medication could provoke that side effect in someone 50 years of age.
Increased hair growth on shoulders, back, and chest. Decrease in my sex drive
The cream itched and burned severely to the point of being nearly intolerable for the first week.  The burning subsided in the second week, but not to the point of being usable on a daily basis.
Positive side effects: see above
there were not any treatment side affects except that you had to take two tablets twice a day for the rest of your life. this was not a cure. I THEN FOUND OUT THAT THER WAS AN AUSTRAILAN  DOCTER WHO FOUND THAT IN SOME CASES ULCERS WERE ONLY A BACTERIA AND A SIMPLE TEST WOULD FIND THAT OUT AND IF THAT WAS THE CASE A SHORT COUSE OF ANTIBOTICS AND AN ANTI ACID FOR THE SAME PERIOD OF TIME WHISLT YOU WERE TALIKG THE COURSE OF ANTIBOTICS, WOULD GET RID OF THE PROBLEM, WHICH IN MY CASE IT DID. NOW I DONT HAVE TO TAKE DRUGS EVERY DAY!
I had no side effects because I was applying the cream correctly; only before bedtime and washed them off in the morning.  However I heard of some other person whp took the same cream but was not aware of those instruction and instead applied it in the morning and  had her face exposed during the day.  The cream worked somewhat for her but the spots where she applied them stayed irritated and would turn red when the wind blew in her face.  This condition remained for several years afterwards for her.  THIS CREAM CANNOT BE EXPOSED TO THE SUN! Otherwise it works beautifully.
I've been on seasonique for three months now and they've been absolutely miserable. For starters, I'm 19 and NEVER have break outs. As soon as I started this pill, I began breaking out every few days. This pill has made me gain about ten pounds. I've been spotting for a month and a half. I have horrible cramps everyday. I'm EXTREMELY moody and emotional. I cry about absolutely nothing at all and snap at the smallest things. I get crazy hot flashes, I'll be freezing one minute and sweating the next. My back also hurts at times.
I did not experience any side effects that I am aware of.  Of course, I am concered over having high blood pressure which has to be directly related to work-related stress.
Does have light stimulant effect which is great for the extreme fatige of depression But/And any activating chemical can also increase hostile, angry feelings so tweek the dose for you so you don't get over reactive with others.
None.
No side effects. No hangover. No morning drowsiness.
Occasional mild skin irritation particularly in the beginning of treatment.
Dry skin and eyes, flaking skin and bloody noses. However, the most pertinent side effect was depression.
none
You cannot wax your eyebrows! It thins your skin, so you can't wax.
Within about 30 minutes of taking each dose of Sulindac, I experienced a colicky pain under my ribs on the right side.  The pain was not extreme, but it was noticeable and unpleasant.  Duration lasted 2 - 4 hours each time.  This side effect persisted throughout the entire treatment period.
rashes and swelling of my face and eyes. Got also dryness of skin
This drug had no side effects with me, or at least, none detectable. I consider this drug a wonder drug without side effects.
sleepiness- fatigu memory loss- confusion-depression- trouble breathigng
Make you tired.
I was taking them on an empty stomach and developed ulsers and Heart burn, acid reflux
Had trouble losing too much weight at first. But that levels off after a while. Had problems sleeping when the dose was increased too quickly. I have to make sure I take the full amount for the day at least before 12 noon or I will have trouble sleeping that night. Sometimes I get shaky/nervous, dry mouth, feel dehydrated.
severe head pain, feel like throwing up, felt lousy for 12 hours after taking first pill.
There were no side effects noticed
itchy skin, burning sensation on face, rash and scaling/peeling
Weight loss, decreased appetite. If take too late in the day, may affect ability to sleep.
It did dry my skin out and there was peeling in some places, like the sides of my nose.  I had to be very careful about not getting it any where around my lips, because if I did I would quickly get a fever blister on my mouth. I don't know why this happened, but it was bothersome.
none
If I missed taking a dose, I would feel a bit lightheaded, dizzy or have a headache.  Too many missed doses lead to a really irritable mood.
I couldn't sleep at night and would fall asleep during the day.  It sometimes made me agitated too.
Mild weight gain. Period of tiredness for two hours or so after each dose. Very hard to wake up in the mornings.
I had a mild headache for a couple of days after my injections.  Also, my forehead felt "numb" as if I had had a tooth pulled. Now, when I raise my eyebrows, my eyebrows go up and the middle of my forehead stays still.  It looks a bit strange.
achy joints similar to flu symptoms during the next couple of days after taking. Not bad, but definitely annoying. Aspirin helps relieve, but I did not like having to take a pill to counteract another pill.  I do not have the same symptom with Viagra.
Cipro can have a devastating effect on connective tissue.  In my case, loss of elasticity, leading to wrinkled, drying, aging  skin on face, neck, hands; suddenly visible veins; heightened sun sensitivity; easy bruising; weakened, painful knee and ankle joints, insomnia. I subsequently discovered that these are all too common "rare" side effects, among many others, and none of them emerged until a few days after finishing the dose.   Unless you have no other options, this is a medication to be avoided.
Loss of libido, occasional fatigue. Jittery feeling when dosage was temporarily increased to 40mg
My lungs feel heavy at times and that produces a hacking cough. It's not all the time, just occasionally. It hasn't been bothersome enough to ask about changing it to something else yet.
Spironolactone caused occasional leg cramping.  The Lo-ovral caused some water retention.
The treatment side effects were minimal.  In fact I can't think of any.  I have tried many different types of the pill where it had side effects on my face, barely reduced cramps, however this one didn't have any of those side effects and I continue to use it.
Increased urine output, potassium deficit
I didn't feel any alarming side effects from this medication even after using for  over 8 years. 


The feeling of dependency doesn't bother as we are sometimes addict of certain foods also.
The side effects experienced were mainly red irritation and peeling. There was also an occasional bout of acne breakouts. The use also led to a couple of times when the skin felt like it had been burnt or had a sever sunburn.
none
I haven't noticed any side effects.
I have had two doses of infliximab over a four week period my next dose has been pushed out to four weeks. I have has pressure up the back of my neck into my head, pains and aches all over, shivers at night after the first two doses Its been two weeks since my last infusion and my next one is in two weeks time I have since broken out in water blisters on my leg unsure if this is side effect. Overall before i started this drug i was in severe pain, severe diarrhoea, wanting to pass out with pain, and generally unable to live day to day. The pain has eased 70%, the diarrhoea is gone and I feel like living again.
none
Initially euphoria (lasted about three days), afterwards urinary hesitancy (stopped after about two months), dry mouth, mild fatigue, anorgasma.
Side effects were it caused my skin to become extremely dried out. Used more moisturizer which did not seem to help. I also became very sensitive to the sun which was a problem because even if i used sunscreen I would become blotchy looking.
I almost died.  I made it thru the first set of double doors at the emergency room and colapsed.  I believe that this triggered me to get Rheumatoid Arthritis five months later.
he didnt get out of bed for three days,couldnt get him to eat (he only weighed 120 lbs),had to forse him to drink water, became even more depresses very suasidal,out of it,  and lethargic. We had to take him to hospital(They were not helpful at all) Would only help if he had made a suaside attempt.
Some of the side affects that I had were:  my stomach would hurt sometimes and other times it was difficult to eat without getting queezy.  I didn't have much of an appetite.  When the medicine wore off, it seemed to have a strong rebound effect and things became difficult for me during that last several hours of my day. I liked taking the medication, I just wish it would have lasted longer during the day.  By 3p-5pm it had wore off and that seemed to by my busiest time of day with the kids, dinner and house stuff all at once.
Brain fog, difficulty calling up names, places, or specific details at times. Very annoying. Slight loss of libido, erections affected very, very slightly (takes a small amount more time to achieve full).
i felt very nauseous. and dizzy. but these subsided after one month. till then i made sure i ate something with taking the tablet to minimize the discomfort.  it was a very very unpleasant sensation of nausea and a kind of vertigo, but the benefits outweighed the negatives. even though it was quite a strong feeling of sickness, very very strong. it has passed now though. thankfully. i considered stopping the zoloft because it was so bad, but if i went back to my old pattern of sadness and anxiety and arguing my husband may seriously have left me. so i persevered. glad i did too. cos the sickness has disapated.
None - could not continue treatment
Itching on application and ten minutes after, and although it reduced redness, sometimes my face appeared a little "too" white after application (whiter than my neck).
Two months after I started the patch I began to have really dark colored urine. I assumed that this was a side affect to the patch. I went to my doctor who saud that is was not related, but now it has been 3 years since I stopped the patch, and now have kidney disease. Maybe just coincidence, But in my heart I feel it was the patch.
My hair started falling out after the first week. During  week two, I saw my doctor and told her about this. She said it was not a known side effect. Internet research assured me the hair loss was not coincidental; others had the same reaction. I quit taking it a few days later.
Oil in stool
After use Singulair I began developing pretty strong depression side effects including thoughts of suicide. At first I didn't realize that these thoughts and feelings of depression were connected to Singulair. After hearing about possible side effects on the News I stopped taking Singular, whiched ended the severe depression.
occasional dry mouth
Sneezing and bad taste.  Some burning in the nostrils.
As I have a chronic gastritis, my stomach rarely agrees with oral treatments, so I felt minor irritation, a bit of heartburn, but nothing serious
Out of sorts, falling if I get up when medication has taken affect.
weight gain
The 3 months i was on atenolol (25mg) I had vertigo, short term memory loss, anxiety, and hearing issue. All except hearing went away when I switched to a different beta blocker.





Joe Hare
It would keep me restless at night causing bouts of sleeplessness.
Dry mouth, constipation
when I was coming off the medication it was recommeded to do slowly by reducing the medication dosage gradually which i did. Side effects while doing this were diziness almost constantly
None
I experienced a loss of libido and inability to climax. 


Loss of appetite (a GOOD side affect in my books! I lost quite a few kgs and it did wonders for my self esteem). 





I would NOT recommend taking this with alcohol, especially something like tequila which is an upper. Combined with alcohol I experienced wild abandon, loss of inhibitions and total change in personality, I am usually quite reserved, but became quite the opposite - which sorted the libido out, but still unable to climax.
none
Pleasant vivid dreams, night sweats, intermentrual bleeding,numbed other emotions, minor weight gain, unable to fall asleep (but after about 4 months, this didn't happen)
Side effects were minor skin irritation especially in naso labial folds(itching, flaking and redness) and under eye area (slightly swollen on waking), however these symptoms were short lived and in the space of ten days disappeared altogether. There were a couple of occasions where i noticed small dry patches of skin which vanished in a couple of days.
extreme drowsiness, chalky mouth, feeling woozy
insomnia, loss of appitite, stomach pains, when not taken felt real sick, abdominal pain
Taking Ortho TRI-Cyclen had a dramatic impact on my moods.  I felt slow, distant, and complacent.  I felt like a dumbed-down, watered-down version of myself.  The physical effects were also disturbing: I developed a dark brown discharge and grew black hairs around my nipples.  But the most extreme side effects actually occurred when I went OFF the pill, which I had to attempt twice before I could get through it: I experienced the most severe depression of my life, several week-long, heavy periods, hair loss, and very bad acne.
for me there w4ere no treatment side effects.  This medication did not cause drowsiness and I was able to keep doing my daily activiites.  I also found that if I drank some coffee it would work even faster.  It works in about 20 minutes after taking the medication.
peeling dry skin and sensitive to the sun
There was a definate difference in bowel motions. I simply did not go during the three days of taking the tablets. I feel that if i had, had to continue the medication for any length of time then i would have been most uncomfortable. I would have had to resort to some sort of laxative treatment.
Sometimes a little queasiness if taken on an empty stomach.  Sometimes a little fatigue and a feeling of slight slowness.
I was told patients can gain weight on it - i didn't. (apparently you eat more, that's where the extra weight comes from)....can make you tired, which for me is good, as i'm very hyperactive.
nausea at first, agitation at first, sleeplessness initially. it seemed to take away my sense of urgency for things a bit, which was good for alleviating anxiety but might have caused difficulties with timeliness at work and time management overall.
The only side effect I experience is times of having a slightly dry mouth.  The dry mouth I experienced with Adderall was much worse.
Unfortunately, weight gain was a marked side effect, and led me to take a lower dose--also in high doses, I almost felt like a zombie--totally numb and emotionless--a disturbing concept.
none
none
Side effects were twitching of eyes, especially upon smiling,,, spasms of cheeks.  Blurry vision.  This lasted for approximately 3 days.
I have no side effects at the moments. This drug is being used for a dual purpose action as stated in my recordings. I feel that this has a mixed review. For me I was given two weeks of trials, and then 10 refills. So my advice to any of you, is to ask your care giver for a sample of any drug you take before you make it a routine pill. It takes 3-6 weeks for a Human to become physically and mentally dependant. I am very pleased overall otherwise.
Extreme swelling of the lips.
none that i noticed.  Also increased iodone in diet to help thyroid.
at the 3 week mark, I started having SEVERE anxiety attacks that were constant. I was in a constant state of worry & I couldn't get warm,couldn't sleep,couldn't eat,NOTHING..I quit taking it & went through withdrawls even though the doctor said I wasn't on it long enough to go through withdrawls. It's been about 4 weeks & I am STILL not all the way back to where I was before taking this "devil pill"
No side effects but the timing is combersome because you have to take the drug on an empty stomach.
none noticed
some headache and face flashing
none
Bleeding not even Spotting
I actually felt pretty upset during the first couple of weeks - shaky, a little manic and sensitive.  That did go away, though.  I also had occasional insomnia throughout.
The first 2 days on it I slept. Then by the fourth to fifth month, I started to experience heart palpitations at an increasing rate daily. I was weaned off and restarted 6 or so months later and once again, by the 4-5 month range, the palpitations started to increase again. During the first round, I had a dimished appetite and lost 15 lbs. During the second round, it didn't seem to affect my appetite either way.
Would not recommend going off lexapro cold turkey as the effects of doing this are pretty horrible such as head spins, highly recommend slowly weaning yourself off it.  Have had a slight weight gain due to slowing me down considerably.
I did get a yeast infection with the drug and increased sensitivity to sunlight.  I did not get either negative side effects with the Murad skin care treatment line.
There were none
The main side effect we noticed with Keppra was weight loss.  She dropped 20 lbs. in less than a month.  She had a very suppressed appetite for the first 6 or 7 months.  She has since gained back maybe 5 lbs. but continues to have a suppressed appetite just not as much as at first.
made my daughter numb to normal social skill development
Lower regard for self-value, naturally depressive concepts seem less far-fetched, appear less happy.
None but cash and bank a/c were emptied!!!
No side effects that I remember
I have been getting headaches sporadically and the doctor said this is a possbile side effect. Also, I was very nauseated the first 2 weeks, which they say happens in 30% of the population taking this drug, but then it subsided.
None which was an improvement from Lexapro which caused insomnia and fatigue. Did not experience any significant side effects.
Hairloss, shaky
None. I had regular blood tests to check liver function, but had no negative reactions of any type.
There have been no side effects to date, and have been on the medication for 2 years
sleepiness and mild lightheadedness that diminished over time
none
I didn't experience any noticable side effects.
My skin has been extremely red the entire time I've taken this medication. It is so drying that even my ears and lips are persistently dry. I need to wear chap stick all day, everyday just to keep my lips from peeling. The area where I most use the cream has also been extremely dry and flaky.
Headache/ mild
I developed shortness of breath and itching all over my body. I had to go to E.R.  There  was also a slight skin redness.
was volatile to certain foods and dairy, skin very sensitive to sun, and dosent heal very well, if i stoppped taking the drug temporarary i would get combination of cystic acne and normal acne around neck and lower face and cheeks
he most frequently reported adverse reactions were related to sexual function. 3.7% (57 patients) treated with PROSCAR and 2.1% (32 patients) treated with placebo discontinued therapy as a result of adverse reactions related to sexual function, which are the most frequently reported adverse reactions.





i had ever so mild kidney pain but only when not drinking enough water.


so it is hard to say what where really side effects.
They are very addictive and lose effectiveness over time. You become dependent on them and you need more and more to reduce your anxiety. It is very difficult to get off this drug. It make you gain wait and you have to get off of it eventually. You have to get off them slowly
weight gain from taking the med
I noticed dryness, photosensitivity, irritation of mucus membranes.  I had to use moisturizer more than usual and reapply it during the day due to dryness.  I used a broad spectrum UVA/UVB sunblock with it (Avene SPF 50
slight headache
increase in headaches, occasional nausea if taken on empty stomach
There were no treatment side effects except for occasional nausea or drowsiness. Drowsiness however helped the patient sleep faster and thus avoid discomfort of laying in bed with a sprained ankle. Overall it simply lowered the amount of time it took to heal the ankle and also provided lasting relief from discomfort caused by swelling and pain.
None I am aware of.
I compared the ibuprofen to the naproxen and found the naproxen to really work. Whenever I begin to feel a tightness down my leg i start taking naproxen for about a week and the pain discontinues
None
The side effects with the intake of Fluoxetine for me included mild insomnia, headaches (specially in the beginning of the treatment). Loss of appetite. Mild change in the sense of taste. Little bit of nausea after a big meal. Or something very different from the usual food. Change in mood (varieting a lot specially in the beginning of treatment).
No side effects for me.
Mino9r bleeding from the surfacen of the skin in a couple of occasions, minor bruising also in a couple of occassions.
after awhile positive and negative emotions  were not present.when people told jokes that use to be funny i didn't or couldn't laugh. The feeling of loving people was not present , things that should upset you , i would just shrug and go about my business. became apathetic. robotic behavior was noted by others
none. nothing more to add. thanks nothing more to add. thanks nothing more to add. thanks nothing more to add. thanks nothing more to add. thanks nothing more to add. thanks
none
Weight gain and some grogginess in the morning. I am no longer a size 10, but I'm okay with it because sleep keeps me sane.
Initially, he experienced some sleepiness, but he adjusted to the medication and no longer has this problem.
mild mania, manifested by spending more money. I felt less inhibition in my spending and bought more products than I had in the past.
slightly spacey at times, unable to sleep if taken too close to bedtime
none
On the plus side, I experienced no major side effects.  The possible effects can range from nausea to sexual dysfunction, but none were a problem.  However, it is possible to feel a sort of withdrawal.
Peeling, dryness, sun sensitivity
I had no side effects.
Some mild stomach irritation.
There were no adverse side effects.  The medication stated to take with food, but on those occasions that food wasn't taken, there was no stomach upset or other adverse effects.
After taking it before bed, anything you drink or eat will taste metallic-like and that includes bottled water. Drinking a whole bottle of water with that metallic-taste made me vomit and that taste is still there when you wake up in the morning but goes away after you've been awake for 10-15 minutes. Occasionally, I will have hangover-like symptoms like feeling nauseated, depressed, and constant headaches all day long. If you miss one night, you will not be able to get any sleep at all. I've gone 72 hours without sleep once because I ran out and the pharmacy took forever to refill it. In the mornings when you wake up, you will need at least 4 cups of coffee to get out of bed. I've tried everything from reducing the dosage to sleeping earlier than normally and nothing helps to prevent that problem. All in all, not any fun.
It wasn't long until I became physically and psychologically dependant on the drug and the treatment became much worse than the problem for which it was prescribed.  Soma is listed as a muscle relaxant which is quite misleading. Because it has been cleverly marketed, it is readily prescribed (or was) and very accessible. I think many pain management physicians prescribe soma for their patients without much thought as to the risks.  The major adverse affects is the rapid tolerance developement and short term memory loss.  There were a number of times that I'd forgotten if /or how much I had taken, which on one occasion precipitated an emergency room visit. It should be classified as a schedule 2 drug at least because of the potential for abuse and overdose. I think this drug should be taken off of the market.
I was one of the few who experienced severe constipation from taking Effexor. Thankfully, this side-effect abated after two weeks. I've also noticed that just one of my eyes appears to have decreased in visual accuity - from 20/20 to maybe 20/30-40.
Thirst, tremor, slight weight gain, occassional nausea
I had severe restlessness, developed an intense feeling of anxiety, had an extreme desire to sit down, then lay down and went on to develop a dystonic reaction.   I developed an intense feeling of doom, my stomach had feelings of cramps, knotting and pain.  My neck felt tense and the ambulance was called and I was taken to the emergency dept of local hospital.
none
The only side effects were temporary breast discomfort. I swear they got bigger. That however did subside and I no longer have that discomfort. The other side effect is frequent urination. If I drink a lot of water during the day I have to go all the time but even if I don't I still have to when I drink water or whatever. It's a little annoying but the pros far out weigh the cons.
The side effects mostly were related to low sex drive.
drowsiness,lethargy,lack of deep emotions
there were none basically. maybe a little soreness but it's like that anyway. it's only when applied and only for a moment
Very mild tiredness but once dose is worked out


side effects are slight
None that I've noticed.
Increased fatigue and sleepiness were the worst side effects.  On the 75 MCG dose, which put me into Hyperthyroidism according to TSH numbers, I fell asleep in public twice.  This has NEVER happened to me before.  I could not get up in the mornings, was tired all the time and had brain fog.  I think I could've slept 24/7.  Very frustrating.  Also had weight gain.
I experienced minimal side effects. Initially while titrated the appropriate dosage and timing of the medication, I experienced some episodes of hypoglycemia. However, once my dosage was adjusted I no longer had episdoes of hypoglycemia. I did experience some gastric upset with this medication in the first thirty days. I had issues of cramping, gas and upset stomach after taking the medication. However after thirty days my body had gotten accustom to the medication and I no longer have any gastric side effects.
severe dry skin. I was instructed to use less frequently until the dryness was not an issue
Still have temp below 97.5 though I don't feel cold.  Difficulty losing weight.  Hair thinning.  Tired much of time though I use to be a very high energy person.  Dr. doesn't seem to believe me, but I know my body.
increased thirst; increased urination;
At first I had some mild nausea, which went away and then I didn't have any side effects. This medication did not make me gain weight and it did not lower my sex drive- both which were concerns for me.
I did not personally have any problems with this medication, though like with any NSAID, stomach upset and liver damage certainly have to be considered.
While they are forced to tell you that there is something like a 5% chance of becoming temporarily impotent, even for the people that effects the literature says that the majority of that small number get back their sex drive while continuing to take the drug. If you stop taking the drug it comes back immediately. I've not experienced any lessening of my libido, nor has anyone else that I've recommended the drug to.
my skin became very red and irritated.
Some side effects that are very tolerable include fatigue and slight head ache.
Severe upper gastro-intestinal stomach cramps consistent with biliary colic. The pain is so severe that it requires constant movement, there is a tightening sensation round the diaphragm which can easily be confused with the pain of a heart attack.
There were no adverse side effects.  By taking the medication and ensuring that the wound was kept clean, infection was kept at bay.
Low energy, missing high, also has longer sleeping need.
redness, tingling, headache, skin lesions and cold sores developing in the place of application
lower immunity, some insomnia
I only had positive feedback.
None
Side effects for me include: Heaviness in my limbs, muscle aches, tight feeling in head, flushing, increased heart rate, drowsiness.
initially insomnia that went away after the first few weeks.  I also lost about 12 pounds without trying.  I felt a little jittery in the beginning but this subsided as well.
Break-through bleeding or spotting,  breast pain and changes in sexuality(decrease in libido). Fluid retention. Brown patcheson the forehead,temples.
No treatment side effects were noticed.
Some redness did occur at first.  After the the first week, the redness disappeared.  There was some sensitivity, but that too went a way.  Other than that, I did not have any other side effects.
I rarely experience any side effect from this medication.  Occaisionaly I may feel a little drowsy or relaxed but it is very mild and even welcome at times.
The drug was somewhat over stimulating leading to mild feelings of panic. If not taken with food it caused stomach burning. It dramatically exacerbated my insomnia and suppressed my appetite and libido.
Side effect were a feeling of tiredness and lowered libido. These side effects passed away after my body adapted to the lower DHT levels in the body.
none with the sleep med. except i would have to use more of it as time went by i got use to it. the blood pressure medicine i take is diovan and i have to take it way before bed time because it makes me urinate a lot. i also take a blood pressure pill in tne morning.
I've taken lamictal before (different combo of anticonvulsants) and the dose was high enough to make me vomit-- I'm very underweight and was on a dose of 500mg in a split dose 150mg am/ 200mg noon/ 150mg pm. While it did somewhat control my partial seizures, I was sick ALL THE TIME and had such severe headaches it sucked!


That was 8 yrs ago for about a year. 





This time around we decided to try it again with the Dilantin/Topamax combo to get rid of the partial seizures as the generalized seizures were licked. Smarter doctor got me on 150mg am/150mg pm for a total of 300mg a day. I'm doing well this time with rare bouts of nausea, a little increased acne during titration, some headache during titration, some sleepiness but no other side effects. 





This dose has mainly controlled my partials but I still get 1-2 per month.
Caused dry heave vomiting
none
I went into shock. My tongue swelled up, my face got very swollen.  My heart was racing and I started to sweat something terrible.  I was told that I was lucky not to die from taking this medication.
for the first month or so i experienced mild nausea, nightmares and a dry mouth and continue to have loss of libido.
There are side effects of course, as there are with any drug.  I have a little more stomach troubles than what I started with but that could be due to the Lithium.  I have also had about 20 pounds of weight gain.  Before the seroquel I was thin with a high metabolism.  My weight is steady now, but at 20 lbs higher than it used to be.  I tried losing the weight but it has been impossible to get it off.  The drug doesn't make me groggy but I know some people on it that it just knocks out.
I'm not sure if the drugs did this, but I have severe tinnitus now, and it's driving me crazy!
My skin felt dry and tight at times but my skin adjusted after a couple of weeks and I'm not experiencing any dryness now.
I usually feel really tired and depressed the next day after haven taken Imitrex. I feel the drug depresses all systems. It takes off the edge of the pain, but still leaves a dull feeling in the head.
none


completely relieved acid reflux and eliminated all symptons such as heartburn, cough, etc.


completely relieved acid reflux and eliminated all symptons such as heartburn, cough, etc.


completely relieved acid reflux and eliminated all symptons such as heartburn, cough, etc.
The side effects began with nausea and stomach pains mirroring acid reflux which even Nexium could not relieve. Then difficulty breathing and irregular heartbeat, extreme fatigue and body aches, finally vomiting matter resembling coffee grounds - really scary!
mild back pain.
Too tired to get up in morning, irritability, couldn't get drunk anymore as I would drink loads and nothing would happen.
I had minor hereditory Gynacomastia.But this made my breast swell under the nipples to at least 60 c.m. The breasts became very sore and I had to have F.N.A done to find out why they were so sore. 


The doctors told me to come off them straight away. I contacted the makers and they too advised me to stay off them. If not for Swollen and sore breasts, I would have continued the use. My breasts returned to normal size, no pain.
I did not experience any burning sensations with this product in the first week or there after. The product did make my face peel significantly the following day and this occured even with the use of an exfoliating facial wash each morning.
Two days after the 2nd injection the body weight started to increase. In the forth day it was 1.5 kg heigher. In the following four days it returned to almost normal.  During this period I felt tired and dizzy and fainted at one occasion. The blood test indicated that the concentrations of potassium and sodium were outside the normal limits (Potassium too high, 5.3 mmol/L and sodium too low, 134 mmol/L), in a dangerous range. Similarly to the pH, the safe range for these two ions is narrow. Four days later the potassium was OK, 5.1 mmol/L albeit high, but the sodium, remained unchanged. In additional three days, the sodium was OK,136 mmol/L ,albeit low. I continued to feel tired for the next two weeks
I initially broke out in hives which became so severe I was taken off the Zyban and prescribed a steroid. The allergic reaction internalized and I ended up missing 3 weeks of work do the joint immobility it caused.
For the initial two weeks, where I applied Renova caused a stinging sensation and a mild redness.  My eyes were watery for a few weeks as well.  Also, for that initial few weeks, the skin looked dry and the wrinkles looked worsened in that one-hour "drug-work" duration for which I didn't put on any moisturizer.  All the symptoms are gone now, and the skin is denser and firmer and I no longer fear people looking at my wrinkles anymore.
My hip joints hurt so bad I can no longer go on long walks.
None of the previous meds I mentioned, however did a damn thing but cause me to shake, be continuously thirsty and not be able to achieve orgasm.  The wellbutrin was great in that it didn't cause any sexual side effects.  That was a relief.  The ability to reach orgasm seems as if it should me a basic right for every human being, and the emptiness that replaces the disappearance of the bodies biological ability to feel good, just doesn't seem right.  I was very adament in telling my psychiatrist that I didn't want anything that caused sexual side effects, which most anti-depressants do.  The cymbalta causes the "emptiness"  but honestly, the improvement it has made in my mood and productivity make it worth it for now.  Plus, I'm not in a meaningfully intimate relationship at the moment.  It seems to only cause and inability to reach inner orgasm however.  Clitoral orgasm is still possible with vibrator and not a human being.   Recently they have added a dose of wellbutrin to my regimen as an attempt to counteract the sexual side effect caused by the cymbalta.  I do not yet know if this is working (Like I said, I have no boyfriend so I don't even know why I'm bothering.  Really I did it to see if the addition of wellbutrin would make me feel even better.  I haven't felt much difference.
I did have some nausea if I took more than one tablet at a time, but I usually fell asleep after taking one then woke up with out my migraine so it was well worth it.
Seroquel caused severe paranoia in larger doses, severe tiredness in lower (25 50 and 100mg)doses.  Paranoia was so severe, any simple noise caused erratic heart rate and rapid breathing. Drug also caused an inability to move, as if being restrained or weighed down in larger doses. After two years of not taking the drug, and only a week at the highest dosage, there are still problems with low lying feelings of paranoia. Ex; being afraid to go outside at night or be near a window at night or anywhere alone during the day when that was never a problem before the medication.
none
nausea, upset stomach, insomnia, and a general feeling sick.  I felt like I was going to throw up if I so much as drank water, I got very tired and week but could not sleep due to  constant dry heaving.
At first, it caused itching, but now I don't have that.  If I take it close to bedtime, I can't sleep.
Horrible nausea.. started almost immediately after taking the pills and would continue for a couple of hours.
perhaps a little dryness but I cannot say that this was a problem at all.
One does dropped his blood pressure so low that it was necessary to have him hospitalized for kidney malfunction. It caused severe cramping of the intestines due to lack of blood flow. At admittance to the ER, he was put on IV to increase the blood preassure. The doctors did not believe that the Norvasc could have a severe effect because the Lisinopril, which ordinarily is the medication that causes severe reactions, did not effect his blood pressure. The one Norvasc pill caused his blood pressure to go from 185/109 to 64/43. It is important for all doctors to realize that while drug testing can give you the general reaction of most people; it is imperative to be conscious that some patients will react in a completely unexpected way. This is a situation where the man's experience with opposite reactions to caffeine, and other "uppers" to the norm would have given some indication that his reactions to medications can be contra-indicated.
None
Dry lips.
Psuedo Parkinsons/tardive dyskinesia extreme mucle spasms. It was the most terrifying experience I've ever hard. I was literally launching off the bed and nearly unable to talk. I was 3 months pregnant at the time.
Some side effects were mild headache, and some times a stomach ache.
More easy bruising than when not on the medication. This isn't a big deal.
Very few side effects were experienced.  Slight upset stomach and loose stools were occasionally experienced.
I did not notice any side effects of this medication.
First day I took off from work. Felt as if I was trapped in someone elses body. Driving wasnt a good decision either. Left me drowsy for the first week.


**Now its a God send. I dont feel any side effects!!
Mild headache and mild stomach ache
My skin became extremely dry, irritated, red, and would peel.
none with only one exception, orthohypotension
I have gained weight. Whether it was due to celexa or turning 40, I am not sure. Irregardless, the benefits have far outweighed the weight gain, if it was due to the Celexa
Oral: nausea, felt absolutely yucky for 48 hours post dose.


Went sub-q and felt much better.
Acne!!!!!!!!!! ACNE!!!!! I had a bit of anxiety when I first began taking it, but that has since gone away. My heart raced for a couple of weeks, but It's hard to tell if it really was the provigil simply because my heart often races at random. I had a bit of trouble sleeping the first 3 nights after taking provigil, but this hasn't been a problem AT ALL since. I have lost some weight that I had gained back just before starting provigil, and this has left my husband and therapist a little concerned, but I still get hungry and have not changed my diet...but the provigil IS the cause and I have no doubt about it. I did not refill it for three weeks earlier this year and gained nearly 10 pounds...so this drug would be fairly effective for weightloss.
After I take it in the morning I feel nauseous unless I eat something when I take it.  It is recommended to be taken on an empty stomach, so sometimes I do this, but feel queasy for an hour or so.
Slight euphoria, slight tiredness, but cannot sleep.
I had a very bad headache for about a week, but it's ok now.  I had a sinus infection last week, and I thought it was from it being springtime, but then I read that sinus infections could be a side effect.  I felt pretty awful last week and wanted to sleep a lot.  I am still not sure if it was just allergies or not.
1rst week no sleep


after 1rst week - tired
Caused severe constipation, gas, gas pains and left side pain.
Little to no side effects.  Occasional stomach discomfort,gas, diarrhea, but these could also be associated with irritable bowel syndrome.  All in all, very few problems with this medication compared to its benefits.
None noticable.
during the initial dose(first week to ten days) a bit of nausea,strange sensation in teeth and my head felt a little odd
Side effects are not negligible. I feel my skin has become profusely sensitve.I feel intense heat on particular areas of my face when I am out in the afternoon , even thopugh I am stanidng in the shade..
I found that after two to three doses ther seems to be a cumulative affect of the drug on my sense of balance. This is very mild, and only leaves me feeling a bit light headed at times. I am still able to engage in most of my normal neccessary activities around my home. I do refrain from driving or any other possibly risky activity when on this medication. Also , when I have prolonged pain and require several days of medication, I have noticed slight constipation. This is no where near as bad as the constipation caused by vicoden or darvocet.
Side effects were severe. Consistent metallic taste in mouth, upset stomach, sleep difficulties, diarrhea, severe dizziness and anxiety. Transient dry mouth. General feeling of being "spacey" and unfocused.
No adverse side effects, but it did keep my blood pressure down.
During the time I was taking singulair I did not have suicidal thoughts but I did feel VERY depressed VERY often.  I was VERY thirsty while taking singulair.  The drying effect lead to a few nosebleeds, mostly in the mornings.
Severe stomach issues.
There were no side effects, other than a slight tendency to gain weight. I have had no indication of any other problems.
I experienced no unwanted or harmful side effects.  The "side effects" were all a positive outcome of health improvement, and decrease of diabetes related risks.
had spot bleeding all the time, everyday. my period was light though. had clear skin before and have bad acne once i started taking them. get severe headaches and stomach aches. usto take depo shot and would much rather take it than seasonale. am only taking seasonale because you can only take the depo for 2 years then you have to take a one year break. so far have gained 25 plus pounds, when was on depo i lost weight.
My son developed an allergic reaction to the drug - a red rash that spread very quickly and within 2 hours it covered his whole body
Minimal, but sometimes mild head aches occured for short period of time.
None noticeable.
It does cause the skin to flake and peel but this can be counteracted with a good moisturizer.  Also, my face gets red or flushed easily with the slightest irritant.  Lastly, not being able to stay in the sun is a downfall.
Horrible dreams, not just randomly but every night. I wake up thinking the dreams are real and always have some sort of false emotion towards my boyfriend thinking he did something wrong. Although I know it's a dream I wake up with the feelings and emotions as if it all just happened. Also have had panic attacks in my dreams and woken up having actual panic attacks in real life. Also, I have read up alot about this drug because I like to know what I'm taking and what could happen... no one has said anything about how hungry you get an hour or so after taking it. I normally don't eat in the morning I haven't since I was 12. But after taking this the hunger pains are so extreme I am forced to eat in the morning when taking it.
terrible pain in my upper right back below ribs and right side.
Possible dizziness and fatigue, but this is unclear. Both symptoms were present prior to the injury, but were mild, and have worsened with the addition of each of the three medications. Patient also has a secondary depression following the injury, which combined with the injury itself also confound a clear attribution.
I had a moderate number of side effects that were bothersome but not serious: Oily skin and hair, acne was worse in the beginning, excessive night time sweating - i would wake up drenched every night, acid reflux - this was on and off - tension and anxiety was increased during waking hours. I had teeth sensitivety that developed after starting the drug, rapid pulse (this was weird but it was never a bother), I lost a few lbs and I could eat whatever and not gain much weight. My testosterone levels went way high - not high enough to turn into a boy, but high enough to grow more body hair in places I didn't want and had some hair loss at the temples. I also had problems with short term memory, though I did before when I was in a fibro-fog too. So off the medicine I have a heck of a time still because it is back to fibro fog.  It is a shame because i used to have a great memory.
Unfortunately with prolonged use (after about 8 years)my immune defense system in the lungs was virtually non existent.  My doctors found a plethora of 15 different bacteria, fungi and viruses in the lung, and associated the condition with either AIDS or cancer. Things that are usually prevented by the immune system,opportunistic infections were abundant and had spread, in spite of antibiotic and antifungal use, to a sytemic infection.  Nocardia siriacogeorgensis, MRSA, MAC, aspergillus, pseudomonas among others were all found.  the Nocardia in particualr had already caused a mild form of encephalitis.
Side effects were edema, buildup of fluids in the lower legs and feet. This progressed to the point that it was noticeable visually, and presented problems in wearing of shoes and mobility. Blood testing also indicated a drop in Potassium levels to a low point that concerned the primary physician.
constipation
none, but the doc stopped it as I started needing it less, aid there would be too much risk of weird symptoms.  I still miss it and wish I could have it back.  But I am not as sick or as often I was.  It was just stress and a job change helped also.
I would not describe the side effects as drousy but the tablets did make me a bit tired
none that I am aware of
Side effects were generally positive, including help with smoking cessation as well as increased libido, which had decreased on Lexapro.
Slight irritation at application site of patch. If mfrs. directions followed and site rotated, this can be reduced or eliminated. No other notable side effects.
none noticed
I became very pale. Gained weight likely due to overburdened liver condition from the drug. Severe bruising on my calves and thighs ( a stated side effect of the drug ), likely yeast overgrowth in abdominal area which lead to bloating, etc.


Graying of the teeth, especially lower teeth, bluish at roots. Lethargy, lack of concentration.
heart palpitations and coughing began in the second month.  These side affects continued to get worse over time.
upset stomach, drugged feeling all day which causes depression
After two days on Levaquin I began to notice calf muscle and tendon issues. By day three it was becoming an issue when sitting down and getting up, to the point where I thought I might rupture the achilles tendon. I had never had any issues in my lower legs before. By day four I was having a lot of trouble walking and could only shuffle around. I stopped taking the drug and requested a different antibiotic. On reading up on it, I discovered I it should never have been prescribed for me - I am 61 years old and being treated with corticosteroids for RA. It was prescribed by the ER Physician and my Family Doctor.
not as bad as i was expecting, don't let some little drug mess with your mind man your bigger than that. if any i would say a lower libidio but i kind of like it because before propecia i was wanking off like 10 times a day and now its like once or every other day.
There were no side effects.
Not-known.
I didn't experience any side effects.  It did make me tired but I expected that.  I did feel a bit hung over the next day like you would if you took tylenol pm or similar.  I'd recommend taking it when you know you have 8-10 hours to sleep.
At first I had dry skin. I used it every other day rather than every day until my skin adjusted.  Other than the initial dry, peeling skin, I had no side affects.
The problems have been reduced, but not eliminated completely. Alas, perhaps it is impossible :-))
None
none
The front of my legs were hot, swollen, and rashy.
During the second and third day, it seemed to increase my post-surgical nausea. Overall, in addition to drowsiness, I experienced a lot of dizziness. I'm not sure whether or not it affected my bowels returning to normal function.
there were none, but I was warned that overusage could thin the skin.
I had a severe allergic reaction in the form of red, extremely itchy, welps all over my body, but concentrated on my ribs, chest, and face.
stinging and tingling in lips, feet and hands, loss of appitite, weight loss of 16 pounds in less than a month.
30 days after finishing the meds i had severe abdominal pains, and was then diagnosed with diverticulitis[hemroids of the colon i was unable to work for 3 and a half months it is now 6 years later and im about to have part of my colon removed due to inflamation of the diverticulitis , the last 6 years have been a living hell from pain to constipation and diareia i hope this works as the drug changed my life from very heathy to very sick and on my death bed twice once from anafalactic shock to the most recent,an abbsessed liver which im still dealing with so i can have my operation and see if i can get rid of the constant pain i,v been in for 6 years. I WOULD NOT WISH THIS ON MY WORST ENEMY
I would wake up and could not fall back to sleep. Also, I have had an appetite out of this world. I have noticed some weight gain, dry mouth, very vivid dreams, and even periods of hallucinations, and memory loss. I also have had the worst migraines that I have ever had in my life for weeks at a time.
None
This drug was very toxic to my system because it caused severe rage. I really was never relieved from my clinical depression because I kept hoping that the drug benefits would kick in and kept on taking it until one day I realized that I had to stop taking it. After about 2 months, I realized that I was very agitated constantly. I just thought that it would eventually go away but it never did. My nervousness was getting extreme. One day, I was in a grocery store shopping, pushing a grocery cart, and a little boy walked in front of me pushing a toy cart. I was so agitated that I had an INTENSE DESIRE to ram him with my shopping cart. I realized that this behavior was NOT ME and that the Lexapro was causing the severe rage. I also had a constant desire to start running down the street as fast as I could and NOT stop. I also couldn't sleep at night and if I was able to go to sleep finally, I would only stay asleep for a few hours. I sure hope this medication is taken off the market because it could cause some unstable patients to take other's lives from the severe rage.
I have taken it for almost two weeks now and I feel really tired and increased yawning. I have taken it during the day and at night which in the morning  I feel tired still.
Side effects include stomach upset and diarrhea but this usually goes away in about 2-3 weeks.
I had no drowsiness or hyper feelings. I felt completly normal.
1. Gassy


2. Wide awake at night, couldn't sleep, restless legs


3. Lots of energy--kept working into the night!


4. Seemed to sweat more than before while working more than hot flashes


5. Flushed cheeks, healthy-looking rosy look, added a glow!


6. Had an appetite


7. Bad taste in mouth, bad breath


8. Gained weight right away even though I wasn't on it too long


9. Rounder, plumper face


10. Felt good all over--tennis elbow and other problems disappeared


11. Felt a bit of a "high"


12. Sore all over my bones after quitting


13. Very bad watery diarrhea after quitting (unless it was the flu)
I do not think I have or had any side affects. It is hard to tell because I am on more than one drug, and while in the hospital I was on others. I am also alcholic so like that Lamictal is not habit forming. I am afraid I will put on weight as others have reported.
mildly drowsy and mild constipation - oxycontin


drowsy when first beginning treatment - Traumeel
When I took seasonique I was very very moody and emotional. I have naturaly good skin, and do not break out often at all. Seasonique made me break out quite a bit. I am not taking seasonique for another 3 months.
the patient did not experience any side effects
Sometimes still tired in the morning despite having slept. I think a drug hangover so to speak.
I seem to have periods of vomiting that last for several days. It happens monthly and I really am not sure what interacts with medicine those days and not the others. I did build up to my dosage .25mg every 3 days to try and limit the effects.
The only side effects i experienced were a slight stinging feeling. this subsided after the first two weeks. If the stinging sensation does not subside it is preferable to use it every other night instead of every night.
None
Irrational Rage. It has nothing to do with my mental state but the fact that the drug does this to everyone. You have to let it build up in your system because your body is trying to reject a poison. You become addicted. No different than cocaine or speed freaks. It is such a lie.
At first I was very tired so instead of taking the dosage in the morning, I switched to bedtime.
I had very vivid dreams/nightmares the entire time I took it. Eight years later, I can still remember many of them and the way they made me feel. I gained weight (from 115lbs to 130lbs).
I felt nauseous. Gradually I became acclimatised the effects- so after the initial boost I felt normal again - like I could engage with life. After a while (6-months) I felt like I was experiencing a distance because of the drugs, instead of feeling engaged in life like I had felt initially, I felt like I was veiled from it.
trouble sleeping, more hostile behavior, emotional frustration, even more decreased appetite.
Dry mouth, constipation at times, sometimes felt a bit like my heart raced under stress after taking it for a long time.
loose stool
Generally a mild peeling occurred on the areas where the ointment was applied - some itchiness as well but not very often
I have observed the side effects on my husband, whom I have to remind every dayto take this pill.  First of all, he felt really sick, very nausceus. He had diarrhea for about first 3 weeks of treatment and although he is very physically active because he is  a farmer, therefore he excercise most of the day, the doctor told him it was not enough, he had to excerciseeven more.
I had a yeast infection, and also a weird dry patch of skin on my bottom lip.
The side effects are: dry mouth, possible headache,
I experience slight sedation after taking Catapres which is helpful for me as a light sleeper. I believe I experience some slight lethargy that is ongoing, but not troublesome. When I first started taking Catapres I got a very dry mouth, but this quickly went away. I have experienced no other side effects that I am aware of.
So far, none
I will get a slight headache, a few hours after I take the drug. Usually not bad enough that it's actually painful, just annoying.
I have never had any side effects from this medication.  My husband and 13 year old daughter also take this without any side effects.
I have had few if any side effects from Nasonex
dehydration - this problem grew as the years passed and I seemed to become more sensitive to the drug.  I finally started taking a 1/2 dose.  I had dry eyes, constipation, mouth breathing.   I would drink too much beer if I started drinking because I was so thirsty. Dry skin became an irritating problem.  This problem has improved since I changed medications.
Mental numbness, feebleness, lethargy, depression, cognitive dysfunction.
Flushing in the beginning.
Drowsiness, occassional nauseau, though part of the side effects relate to the migraine.
None
I have experienced no adverse side effects at all while taking this medication.
Forgetfullness, some manifestation of laissez-faire attitude (not caring as much about work issues, but in some ways this is a good thing! As long as you don't end up slacking off too much), harder to reach orgasm (but much better than Paxil or Prozac in this matter).
Side effects were many.  THEre was a decrease in energy levels and dizzines.  There was weight gain. At the end of the 30 days period the feelings of depression were still an issue
After taking Norfloxacin, I developed severe peripheral neuropathy. This has lasted for 18 months, and still remains. The peripheral neuropathy is now treated with Lyrica
Sleep Disorder
Very dry mouth, diareah(sp) for a few days then constipated for a few days routine, mood swings.
Insomnia sometimes. My bedtime(before Meridia) was around 10pm but once I began taking the medicine, I couldn't sleep sometimes until 12am or 1am, but even with lack of sleep, I never felt fatigued like I thought I would. Every once in a while, mild headaches & dry mouth. But nothing too major or life-threatening.
Extreme sleepiness, feeling "out of it".  It was really hard to work and be on this medication.  I wanted to give it up as I literally could not stay awake but I made it though the first 6 weeks and things were better after that.  I have been on it for 10 years now and do not notice any side effects.
none at all
Nausea, cramping, abdominal pain were just some of the bigger side effects. Sometimes the stomach pain was so painful it was worse then an actual flare-up.
The feeling of a lump in my throat, due to reflux.  Had to take meds to counteract.  Muscle pain, leg cramps, joint pain. IBS. I plan to stop taking it, and research natural ways to manage bone loss.
Side effects come from taking either too little or too much Synthroid. It is a tightrope balancing act and the blood work is not specific enough to guide the clinical course.
The only side effects I have (I consider 2 of these not even side effects at all)headaches, staying asleep at night, weird fever like feeling, increase in sexual drive and weight loss. All are tolerable considering the benefits.
none
There was no side effects of the drug.
some weight gain
none
increased anxiety maybe not due to Flonase, as I suffer with anxiety any way.
none
I wanted to switch from Atenolol because of concerns it would increase insulin resistance. So my Dr. prescribed Lisinopril and told me to take it for 3 weeks to see if it was going to be effective. After 3 weeks it was effective but I started noticing that gradually when I laid down to sleep at night, it felt like there was lots of mucous in my throat. Then the tickle started in my throat which made me feel like gagging. Then my voice was affected. It became hoarse and I noticed my throat felt soar. I searched on the internet and read about side effects from Ace Inhibitors and realized I was being negatively affected by the drug. I stopped the drug, but it has taken over a month to completely overcome the negative side effects.
When fir started taking the drug had mild nausea after medication. This went away after a few weeks.
Initially it is quite irritating, that is why it is VERY important to start using it less often and with a smaller applied amount. Do not overdose on Tazorac or else your skin - the upper horny layer, statum corneum - will become so thin and dry that it will crack - thus you will actually CREATE wrinkles rather than eliminate any. If you take it slowly and gradually increase the dose, you won't have that problem, as the skin adjusts to it. You should probably start using it only every 3rd or 4th day initially, gradually increasing to every other day or even every day. Some people are able to use it twice a day; I know I cant. In case you develop severe irritation, you must use a good moisturizer to prevent wrinkle formation. If you are using it for acne, and are using other products such as benzoyl peroxide - as you should, you should be even more careful, as skin irritation is cumulative from the various drugs. You will have to use a lower dose BP such as 2.5% because your skin will be exfoliated and more easily irritated.
Sometimes I had some minor swelling at an injection site.  It went away within days.
Stimulating--very.
None that I can tell
Many of the medications I take have a side effect that affects your memory.  My short term memory is terrible.  I can be asking for something as ordinary as a fork, a pen, etc. and can not come up with the word, at all.  I'll be able to later, or the next day, I haven;t forgotten the word, I just can;t get it out of my brain.  The Neurontin has also affected my eyes.  I sometimes have problems focusing; sometimes I am able to read the phone book and othertimes I need magnifying glasses.  This all started a week after starting the medicine.
Honestly, the only side effect I have had is that it is harder to have an orgasm. I can still have them, but it just takes longer. I don't really feel "in the mood" as much, but that is a very small detriment compared to what I was experiencing before. I have had no other side effects whatsoever. I do not even feel "mediciney" or out of it at all and no stomach problems, either.
Sudden and enormous increase in appetite, weight gain, i gained 10 kg, my belly seemed inflated all the time; 


Constipation;


Mood swings;
Aggressive behaviour - hitting me dad and herself badly


Bad dreams


Confusion


Hallucination


Irritability


Restlessness


Sleepwalking


Tremors


Trouble sleeping 


oral pain


Stomach pain


Diarrhea


constantl tugging at ears4


No appetite


Clammy





these are all symptoms reported to her gp and consultant after 1 month of treatment
the patient died.
In the mornings I didn't want to get up from school at all. This medicine is strong. I got up at 6 am and reach class at 8 and it was still knocking me out in class. Was soo embarrase. Mind you I took the medicine at 10 30pm the night before.
Bit of drowsiness in morning.
dependency.  dependency. dependency.  Cannot sleep without it.  My mind will stay awake forever and I am unable to sleep a minute.  I am groggy if I do not give myself at least eight hours to sleep after I take it.  I feel like I need to up my dose after some time to get myself to sleep.
blurred vision; inability to function on daily basis; 100% grogginess 24/7.
On the 10 mg dosage I noticed that my throat was itchy and scratchy, causing a lot of cough and some gagging with the cough.  For some reason this problem disappeared when I was switched to the 20 mg dosage.  At times I get a bit of ringing in my ears but it is not regular.  I do notice fatigue and although I have started taking other medications after starting the lisinopril I think the lisinopril did affect my libido, although not a lot.
I had headaches if I didn't take it with enough food in my stomach. I also have insomnia, however, if you cut your intake of caffeine, it shouldn't be too severe.
Weight gain, difficulty losing weight, blurry vision, general 'blah' moods. 


Attempted to taper off & managed to only go from 225 to 150mg for a week before MAJOR side effects kicked in: headaches, brain 'zaps', aggression, agitation, extreme mood swings and hives. Returned to 225mg (for a month now) and still experiencing severe hives & developing allergies to a number of things I wasn't allergic to before.
None.
Prescribed to my Husband and I on our Honeymoon in Vietnam and Cambodia.  On day 4 we both experienced waves of strong abdominal pain every hour or so accompanied by a need to go to the toilet with diarrhoea (but it was non-urgent need to go to the loo - like a normal upset tummy can be).
There were no side effets. It did report that I could receive hypersensitivity including iching and swelling but I did not.
The side effects included sun sensitivity, upset stomach, tiredness
No side effects were noticed over a 72 hour period following initial treament taken in the evening.
within 72 hours after starting the medication, realized I was experiencing progressively more intense lower back pain-lower back pain-- as though I was being punched in the kidneys- read the contraindictions which noted potential for back pain and made the ocnnection to the medication.
A red rash appeared every where on the body after two weeks ... Especially leg and hands..


After taking showers, the rash was more marked... It was not itchy.
-headaches


-nausea ( as well as vomiting)


-mild depression


-extreme hunger


-insomnia
Very dry skin and un disirable looking skin, particularly on legs. Now using androcur, more powerful and better results in feminization of the male body


My dormant feminine hormone side was activated and the male hormones subdued. My feminine face was a more slender face to my male side. The fat re-distribution created folds at the side of the mouth. Facial excercises helped to eridicate the extra facial flab  see u tube 


More excercise required to tone body muscles and maintain strength
This product has made me more sensitive to the sun.  I think my skin has burned or discoloured very quickly after having been in the sun, even while wearing sunscreen.  I have also noticed increased pigmentation on my foreheard and at my temples.
Difficult to know. May have been slight reduction in libido, and occasional mild depression/anxiety, but not sure about these.
Starting it and titrating up caused interesting side effects: low blood sugar, big pupils, palpitations (all were temporary). Now if I miss a dose, I get bad night sweats and wierd dreams, and quickly remember to take it again.
AT FIRST NO SIDE EFFECTS. I FELT GREAT. VERY GRATEFUL FOR THE REPRIEVE THIS MEDICATION GAVE ME. HOWEVER, I STARTED HAVING BONE AND MUSCLE PAIN THAT ARE PRETTY SEVERE. NOW MY HAIR IS FALLING OUT AND I HAVE SCALP LESIONS AND SCALY AREAS THAT LOOK LIKE PSORIASIS.
painful skin sloughing
An occasional headache was experienced while taking the medication but was releaved by asprin.
None
I was warned birth control can cause mood swings, I did not have any significant ones. Maybe around the time of my period. Also, I gained about 5 pounds after going on the pill, but lost it eventually by upping my exercise and watching closer what I ate. For some reason, I think it's easier to gain weight on this pill, but I don't know if it's just in my head. When I first got on this birth control, I had an intense craving for eggs and ate eggs 3 weeks straight. Again, I don't know if I'm imagining things but I would lose 5 pounds during the sugar pill? Maybe it's because I'm tired all of the time.
Some of my side effects were really dry lips, sensitive eyes,burning sensation on my face, sensitive skin (if I scratched my hand for example it woulds be sensitive and would scar easily. This time around i had less side effects. The first time on Accutane (10 years ago when I was 16 yrs old) I had bad side effects. I was taking too high of a dose in my opinion 80mg/day. I weighed 100-110 lbs. I had scabbed skin, dry eyes, stomach pain, slight depression, achy body, back pain, joint pain...
Seroquel hangover/comedown. Everyday I feel I am sweating all these nasty chemicals out of my skin, I feel weak, fatigued, numb and motionless, I am not climbing the walls of my room anymore, instead I sleep 20hours at a time and when i wake i want to eat everything in my house and go back to sleep. I cant function normally, yes i can be out in society and safe as it takes away my urges, but i feel emotionally numb, i can't cry and at night my legs twitch untill i pass out. Yes i am not trying kill myself, but am i really living like this?
none
I have not experienced any side effects to date.
I am a little drowsy, and i sleep alot, but thank god for the absence of the migarines.
Bad withdrawels upon quiting medication. Sexual side effects, My senses seemed dulled.
some mornings after I take a shower and later blow my nose there is some is some blood on the tissue,
Consistent regular flow menses for the entire 2 months; hormonal inconsistency- felt sad, mood swings. The side effects were so extrme, it frightened me and prevented me from ever taking another oral controceptive.
I had to be careful shaving my legs. I had to pay attention to which foods and alcohol would alter my prothrombin time and make it necessary to take a higher or lower dosage, i. e. be sure to have the guacamole if I indulged in a margarita!
none
During the first 18 months I noticed slight water retention when I used it, and my hot flushes also came back to a lesser degree. 





Then recently I got a new batch of Vagifem, and I had a horrible allergic reaction - dizziness, sinus pain, severe palpitations and panic. My eyes, hands and feet went really puffy and it made my vagina and urinary tract really sore. 





I've since tried another new batch with the same problems. This is so disappointing. I've gone back to an older batch with no problems (except that I've now run out!). 





The manufacturers have changed something, and I wish they would change it back to the original formulation.
Severe stomach cramping along with frequent visits to the bathroom.  I have had this experience with every type of this medicine: Z-Pack (zithromycin), arithromycin, and now the clarithroymcin.  My doctor said the side effects with the clarithromycin are much less compared to the other types and I found this to be false.  With all the above mentioned medicines, I've always started to get stomach problems on the fourth day.
I did not have any "observable" or noticeable side effects while taking Valtrex.  However, I was forewarned that Valtrex has the following side effects:  headache, gastrointestinal discomfort such as vomiting, nausea, diarrhoea,constipation, abdominal pain,indigestion).  Also because I was taking Valtrex to prevent outbreaks triggered by laser treatments, I was advised that Valtrex causes sensitivity to UV light and my skin would be much more vulnerable to sunburn even during very short exposure to UV light.
The only side effects included breast tendiness and a slight headache during the first 2-3 days of the period. After stopping taking the contraceptive, headaches stopped, too.
mild constipation is the only side effect I've experienced.
Only side effect is slight drowsiness. Excepting this no other side effect has been displayed.
severe sexual side effects began about 2 months into the trial including pain during intercourse, soreness lasting as long as 24 hours followed by periods as long as 2 weeks or more where intercourse was impossible due to intense pain upon penetration, vaginal dryness, and the inability to have a vaginal orgasm.  I also had overall skin dryness, but using a daily moisturizer and medicated chapstick made this very manageable.
I became a little jittery after using the inhaler, but it is manageable.
Chronic yeast infections leading to daily use of nystatin, yogurt, suppliments, etc.  Especially since treatment spanned high school and college years, the effect of having recurring yeast infections was particularly worrisome.  I also did not know when I was prescribed nystatin to deal with the yeast infections from minocycline that the nystatin could have negative long-term effects on my liver.
calf cramps on occasion
Dry mouth, slight constipation,  but rarely any other.  I did not do well with Fosomax, so was given Actonel, and then a once a month Actonel.. My Health Care program persuaded me to take the generic once a week, because it was cheaper.  I find no difference in the once a week or once a month side effects.
Constipation, sleeplessness
none noted
prolonged but very minimal menopausal symptoms....joint pain, headaches, vaginal dryness.  no significant weight gain, no significant rise in cholesterol levels or blood pressure
blood noses, depression, cracked lips - these things where difficult to put up with but it was only for 4  months and the results have lasted for over 10 years
None were noticed
i really could not tell from the many aches and pain i have everyday.
I have experienced a few side effects, such as lowered blood pressure. This lead to frequently feeling tired and lethargic. I also get very cold very easily due to low blood pressure. I am also beginning to think that it is effecting my short term memory, but I'm not sure if that's just me. I'm also not anxious anymore. I never suffered from anxiety problems, but I have noticed that I really don't get nervous over anything really!
None
After a while I seemed to notice that I was mildly 'groggy' for several hours after waking up. I was working at a garden center at the time and was frequently forgetting where I had left something. The joke was that I had my own private 'lost and found'.
Severe nausea and drowsiness. After the pill in the morining I would get extremely nauseous and sleepy.
none
I became very depressed.  It began as crankiness and then crying and then not wanting to leave my room or continue my PT.
pain, extreme dryness- esp my lips, very dry eyes. There is a great deal of monitoring with this drug... so you really have to be committed to using it (i.e., blood work, frequent dermatology visits, one month waiting period for women to be sure you get on oral birth control, monthly phone questionnaire with the company).
The only side effects I have seen are some dryness on the face.
I would have mild itching
The Wellbutrin at times causes confusion in thought transfer.
This product made his skin sensitive to lighthh
I felt like I had consumed 12,000 cups of coffee. I was anxious, nervous, jittery and irritable. I could not sit still.
Swollen glands, especially in breasts. My breasts became enlarged and very painful, causing my doctor to diagnose pregnancy. Of course this was not the case, as I tested negative for pregnancy, and my doctor was reluctant to believe that the Keflex had anything to do with it. My father noted same side effects after a similar course of Keflex. He developed painful and swollen glands in mouth and neck. Also, the management of the URTI took much longer than with other antibiotics. My symptoms seemed to linger on and on.
After two weeks, moderate muscle and joint pain. I stopped the medicine until all pain was gone, about three days. When I started again, after less than two weeks, I had a terrible reaction.My right shoulder and from my waist down, the pain was so acute that I could not straighten up, nor walk. It was four days, before I started feeling better.
I have not had any problems with side effects, some people have a chronic cough when they take ACE inhibitors.
I think there is some detachement from emotions, even positive ones.  There may be no real bottom out lows but there are also no wonderful bright highs.  There may be some effects with sexual attachment on the negative side.
none
I had some initial swelling of my hip, knee and ankle joints in the morning which slowly subsided during the day. The medication also aggravated the hot-flushes of the menopause, making them initially frequent and copious, and on-going for the treatment duration so far - tho with reduced frequency now in Year 4. I also experience considerable thirst.
breast lumps requiring surgery three times


stroke


cancer requiring surgery, three separate chemo therapies
Very very dry skin. Lips were chaped and nose was dry. Eyes were a little dry as well.
at first blurred vision and inability to find words. this settled after a couple of weeks and now the only side affect i have is that fizzy pop tastes flat
Decreased appetite and weight loss [too much], occasional insomnia/restless leg.  Some hyperfocusing/obsessing on projects/tasks.
Weight gain. I wonder if there is a connection to developing ovarian cysts because of the reduced number of periods.
I think it is more of a long term side affect that happened, In the corse of the years I took this product I started experencing decrease sensation in my lower bowl, to the point I when I needed to use the bathroom, it also messed up my digestion. I quit using it and would only take it when I get so deep in pain I need to get a handle on it, the drug helps then
None
I do not feel any side effects taking this medicine.
There were no adverse side effects.  By taking the medication and ensuring that the wound was kept clean, infection was kept at bay.
No side effects.
Edema
See above
none
ED, mild energy loss. The ED was the most difficult side effect and I have not consulted my physician about this. My psychiatrist, who issued the drug, does not issue ED medication because he does not have facilities to evaluate my other health needs. Another mild side effect is that if I miss a dose it seems like I have a mild racing heart. Withdrawal symptom. this will occur several hours after a missed dose.
Treatment side effects include paresthesia of my hands and mild drowsiness.
had random dreams for about 1 week,the worst thing was not reading the side effects of drinking alcahol,on one accasion had very little to drink and was verry hung over next day not knowing if someone had spiked my drink, the second time when drinking with mates on the town totally blacked out and have no recolection of 5 to six hours of where i had been or what i had done and sleeping for nearly a day being so tired as though you have not slept for a week
difficult to get up, tiredness in the morning, light sensitivity, constipation
Thinning hair, bleeding gums, eventually the iron deficiency came back
only that it made me a bit lethargic but not noticeably so.
Dry mouth, sleepiness upon first ingesting the medication, and some gastrointestinal discomfort when started taking. If taken too close will cause a mild nervousness.  Last does is to be taken several hours before bed or will cause a sleepless night.
pain in all bones similar to arthritic pain. Repetitive retinal tears. formation of an epimacular membrane. (after stopping Actonel,the bone pains disappeared within 2 months. No further retinal tears and there is still no need to operate on the epimacular membrane after 2 years)
i feel as if i get headaches more, and pissed off more. didnt realize it til now that my sex drive has gone down, nastier period. but overall i like it
With the Topamax, there was nausea at the beginning.  I also have a hard time recalling words and thoughts alot of the time, and I feel fatigued alot.  





The imitrex makes me nauseased and makes you feel wiered after taking it.
OCCASSIONAL NAUSA SHORTLY AFTER TAKING, OCCASSIONAL GAS, SLEEPING DIFFICULTY
Extreme weakness, extreme nausea, the puppy had not taken any food, but he was still vomitting or having anti-peristaltic movements all the time and he died ultimately because of lack of energy.
I would say that the only side effect I found uncomfortable was that the drug made going to the toilet all the time. It gave me diarrhoea sometimes. I think that's to do with the additives
Not sure if this is related, but I had a pain in my testicle for about 3 weeks straight.  Doctor ruled out hernia and UA came back negative for infections.


I had a small decrease in libido, but it was nothing too serious.  If you like having sex 5 times a day, then this might not be for you.  But, you will still have a normal libido.  Also maybe some fatigue, but again could be related to something else.(stress)
Approximately one week after injection the brow line swelled to the point of losing the upper nasal curvature for about 2 days.  There was webbing of the upper eyelids in a diagonal line from the inner canthus to the outer eyebrow that lasted throughout the effect of the botox
While taking Zyrtec D I often had dry mouth, and just couldn't drink enough water and was occasionally drowsy.
Bad taste in mouth before falling asleep, sleeping too long (10-14 hours), having difficulty waking up after 8 hours or less.
back pain, chest pain, headaches, distorted vision, thyroid problems, fast pounding heart beats, irregular heart rhythm, gave me a sinus arrhythmia
Tiredness
I felt a little drowsy at times.  My mouth also felt dry through the night.
some slight headaches and lacking energy, complainingof being tired.
A few days a week, my face would be red, very sensitive, and peeling. Then it would be back to normal and then a few days later the peeling starts again.
I am fortunate in saying that there are no side effects at the dose I am taking.
Drowsiness (moreso when already tired). If the medicine is taken after 8-10 hours of sleep the drowsiness is manageable. If the medicine is taken after not much sleep, the drowsiness interferes with functioning.
None. This is not a side effect per se, but it is something to be aware of--the patch leaves a dirty/darkened ring around it on the skin due to normal body oils. Even though I am a heavy shower-taker (but also work out a lot, therefore I produce above average perspiration), no one mentions this but it is unsightly.
1. Redness;


2. Burning;


3. Red spots;


4. Pigment spots look darker.


5. Skin is very sensitive. I can't put a Sunscreen on at all.


6. Possibility to develop skin cancer!


7. Bad experience for $200!!!
First, what I termed "Cipro brain", which is not thiking clearly and making mistakes (like jet-lag).  Then, I started getting ulcers on my tongue.  They spread to my gums and inside lips and my tongue was swollen, making it difficult to talk.  I was afraid that if I got stopped, driving, the cop would think I was drunk, because I was slurring my words.  Now, several days after stopping the drug, I still have extreme fatigue. I'm hoping to return to normal!  When I had pneumonia, I actually felt fine, but the cough had to to be treated.  I doubt if I would ever take Ciprofloxacin again.
There was some jitteriness and dry mouth assoicated with the drug. Also, if you take the medicine too late in the day, you may experience insomnia.
None
Increase in bloating, increased feeling of needing to urinate (every hour or so, but often very little urine production) and quite frequent discomfort, mostly at the end of urination. Tiredness persists, which is odd as I have been sleeping quite a lot better.
I had trouble falling asleep, especially if I didn't take it early enough in the morning.
There was no negative side effects.
extreme lethargy and muscle pain - my doctor said it would go away in a few wekks but when it didn't I had to stop because I could not  work feeling like this.
The only side effect I noticed was that if, for some reason, I forgot to take the effexor in the morning, by the evening I felt sort of dizzy in a really weird way.
severe menopause symptoms - hot flashes, cold sweats causing disturbed sleep and insomnia. symptoms seen to be worse after herceptin and the most distressing is the inability to get warm. I have also developed a discharge that is not pleasant but not too terrible and a change in the smell of my body odour. My skin also seems thinner.
decreased vaginal lubrication and sex drive
headaches mainly
When I do not take this medicine it puts me in a bad mood and causes my stomach to ache (like bad hunger pains even though I am not hungry). After I take the medicine these symptions disappear. Its almost like withdrawal.
none
As the age spots scabbed up, they peeled off, and left my hands red, raw and sore.  One night, the burning feeling was so intense, I had to wash it off.  I was quite worried, as this medicine was out of date, and I thought perhaps it had become dangerous.  Originally it was prescribed for my daughter's acne, but I had read online that it might be helpful for age spots.
I had visionary disturbances,my pupils got huge and I had a horrible panic attack,trouble breathing,profuse sweating pain in neck and chest,fainting feeling of impending doom.I had two attacks within 20 mins.I passed out and awoke with a migraine which lasted 2 days.I still have eye twitches that won't go away and bad headaches.It has been 5 weeks ago.This drug nearly killed me and I still have residual effects from it.I called my doctors as soon as I was able and the one GI that prescribed it said "well your not taking it anymore are you?"my GP says after I tell him I think I had a heart attack and These migraines and eye twitches wont stop "I wish I could give you something to forget that experience"I wasn't even clinically depressed,I was sad I was just diagnosed with Hep c.I need to get help from a doctor who cares that this drug harmed me.
None as long as directions were followed.
constipation, dizziness and elevated bp
The drug causes slight dizziness and tightness around my temples.  Sometimes I also feel slightly nauseated after taking it, but perhaps I should blame the headache and not the medication.
I am not aware of any side effects. However that does not mean I have not experienced any. I think headaches are a side effect and I get them occasionally, but I cannot tie it to the medication. In any case I do not experience any kind of debilitating medical problems or even annoying ones that I can link to taking ranitidine.
With Prilosec, I occasionally had stomach cramping and nausea, but I did not experience any side effects with Nexium.
Severe pruritis, bruising, hives.
None, until recently. I began having severe anxiety/panic attacks. I stopped the Lorazepam in order to determine the culprit, if any. No panic attacks since stopping the drug. Seems strange since this is the drug of choice for panic attacks.
None, but the drug didn't last long.  It guaranteed I'd get about 5 hours sleep, no more.
mild dry mouth or thirstiness occassionally
I had to take it with food or I would get a little upset stomach.
So far all the side effects seem temporary. Cold hands/feet, white face. Bad taste in mouth. Fuzzy in the beginning. Nothing serious so far.
Mild back and muscle aches, nasal congestion and some facial flushing.
None
None, or at least he never complained about any.
The treatment caused numerous side effects.  These included severe stomach cramping and nausea, a severe yeast infection, vomiting, diarrhea and chills.  These side effects began within approximately twelve to twenty four hours after first dose of augmentin was administered.  These side effects were intolerable and somewhat worse than the symptoms from the initial infection.
When I first began taking this medication I had urgent need to urinate throughout day and night. This effect went away after about a month of taking the medication.
Myoclonic jerks,paricularly when i am relaxed. I get these more often at night whilst in bed . Dry mouth .Sweating ,especially at night . Initially an occasional tachycardia . The worst side effect is withdrawal symptoms ,even if I miss one dose. These are 'headiness' like flu,nausea ,a really odd feeling . It goes after taking my normal dose within about 3 to 4 hours
patient was often dizzy the following day and had considerable difficulty concentrating or remembering small details and facts.  Patient often felt extremely anxious when driving or doing other activities which required concentration, since patient often felt a little dopey or unable to concentrate.
Dizziness, fatigue, nausea, which were negligable if taken before bed.
i developed a sort of dry cough which lasted or some months but now I find that side effect is not as bad.
For a while was on higher dose of topomax at 100 mg but seem to experience some memory issues but did not have any further issue with this once the dose was reduced.
I didn't experience any side effects.  I had heard that some people experience a caffeine-like high but the medication did not have this effect on me and I was able to take it before bed and able to get to sleep.
Severe nausea, severe headaches, tiredness, dizziness, constipation,abdominal pain.
Made me kind of grumpy and a little weight gain.
At first I had crazy dreams, whch wasn't so bad.  I did not have any trouble falling asleep.  I had very high energy for the first 2 weeks, then it tapered off back to normal.  I wish the energy had remained.  I did not lose any weight, which I was hoping for...but I did not gain any either, so that was positive.
spotting/cramping between periods, which didnt happen till I started taking this medicine.
Slightly increased peachy hairgrowth on face. During first week of treatment I experienced a minor headache after application.
Thinning of skin, dryness, burning sensation when applying moisturizer
whole body swelling (even my eyelids), palpitations, breathlessness, dry mouth, severe constipation, anxiety, increased physical agitation, weight gain. Loss of short term memory, confusion, dizziness and nausea.
Dry lips, red skin for the first month or so.
As far as I know there are no side effects.
There were some side effects,over drying of skin and flakeness. If not careful with dosage possibilty of chemically burning your skin in some areas. I would not reccommend thsi to anyone with sensitive skin and must be very careful with over applying.
unfortunately thought the acid reflux went to a minimum, my blood pressure spiked over 50 points on top and 40 points on the bottom number.  too much sodium bicarbonate for most people...Please be careful when taking this drug long term
diarrhea first couple of mos. until my body acclimated to the sulfasalazine.
My hot flashes, which had stopped with HRT taken some 8 years prior for 5 years, came back ++.
No side effects.
dry lips solved by lip balm


mild dry mouth; solved by drinking more water
No side effects have been observed so far.
Using it for more than 3 days at a stretch caused excessive peeling, which was visible even under makeup. Redness and rawness was also present. A break of a few days was required before restarting the treatment.
Anxiety
AT FIRST ALL GOOD--FELT WONDERFUL MOOD AND PHYSICAL SOME ITCHING ON CHEST AREA AND COUGHING FOR 2 DAYS AFTER DOSE 


THEN STARTED BREAKING OUT IN SORES WHEN IN SUN...THEY WOULD NOT HEAL FACE, EARS AND  SCALP HAIR LOSS AT SORE SITE ESPECIALLY IN SCALP WHICH HAS REMAINED SOMEWHAT PERMANENT.  SOON NO LONGER GETTING PHYSICAL RELIEF FROM RA SYMPTONS...STOPPED TREATMENT AS RELIEF BECAME LESS THAN SIDE EFFECTS


I REALLY WISH THIS PARTICULAR DRUG WOULD HAVE WORKED FOR ME...OR ORENCIA WHICH HAD A LESS TIME CONSUMING AND LESS FREQUENT RATE OF IVS!





ALSO--FINDING A VEIN BECAME DIFFICULT AT TIMES AND COLLAPSED VEINS WERE NOT UNCOMMON IN GROUP IVS





ONLY ONCE DURING IV PROCESS I BECAME HORRIBLY NAUSEOUS AND THEY BECAME QUITE CONCERNED ABOUT CONVULSIONS THEY SLOWED THE DRIP AND I MADE IT THRU THAT AFTER THAT THEY KEPT A CRASH CART NEARBY IN CASE OF AND I NEVER HAD ANOTHER REACTION LIKE THAT ---CONTRIBUTED IT TO LACK OF SLEEP, FOOD AND PAIN DEGREE I WAS HAVING
None. I did not feel any side effects whatsoever.The only thing is that it does not work inmediately like other pills. It takes several days for the pill to start working, but it does do the job.
I experienced sharp bursts of pain in the top rear left quadrant of my head intermittently for about seventy-two hours of commencing treatment. These subsided and may or may not be related to the medication.
mild nausea and occasional diarrhea but it should stop within the next week or two.
Some of the information in this and the following paragraph will be redundant because when I started writing a response to the first question, I didn't see what was to follow.  The Retin-A gel dried my skin and caused it to peel.  For this reason, I used it every other day instead of every day. I alternate with Stri-Vectin.  I also need to exfoliate frequently or my face looks frightening!


When exfoliated and moisturized, my skin looks wonderful.  I have used Benefit Cosmetics' "Bluff Puff" to tone down the redness; I have stopped using any kind of makeup base if my face is shedding because foundation doesn't tolerate pieces of peeling skin very well.  However, my complexion looks great without makeup.  I still use mascara and liner and shadow.
I had no side effects
CYMBALATA SIDE EFFECTS:  VIVID NON-STOP DREAMS FOR ABOUT A YEAR, AND SLIGHT NAUSEA AND SLEEPINESS FOR SEVERAL WEEKS.  THE EXCESS DREAMING FINALLY STOPPED AND THE COMBINATION OF THE 2 DRUGS HAS BEEN WORKING MIRACLES FOR ME EVER SINCE.  MOST PEOPLE GIVE UP ON CYMBALTA BUT I WAS DESPARATE.  MOST OF THE SIDE EFFECTS DO GO AWAY AS I SAID IN ABOUT 2 WEEKS EXCEPT FOR THE DREAMING.
Side effects included constipation.
no side effects really.  despite it all, i still had some difficulty depending on the season.  when cedar is really high, i still suffered asthma related problems even though i was taking the drug regularly.
FAT
slight nausea - hardly noticeable
I experienced depression and severe anxiety. I had multiple strange dreams with physical sexual responses and my sleep patterns were disrupted frequently waking up in the  middle of the night unable to go back to sleep, sexual dysfunction
I have not found any side affects as of yet.
Insomnia and fatigue were the main side effects experienced.
none
Brownish colored urine, nausea and vomiting, stomache ache
None as long as you don't miss any doses.  Missing more than one dose results in vertigo.  I'm sure there are very unpleasant withdrawal symptoms if you stop taking it.
nausea, tiredness. When i first started, i was very nauseous. if i forgot a dose, i got severe headaches
I have only had one side effect due to mixing Cyclobenzaprine(Flexeril) with Maxalt which lead to being fatigue and drowsiness.
None whatsoever
It almost immediately raised my diastolic and systolic blood pressure my 20 and 35 points respectively (up to about 105/170), as well as elevating my heart rate from 75 beats per minute to 95-100 beats. I occasionally experienced difficulty reaching orgasm in the course of sexual activity, but did not experience reduced sex drive or difficulty attaining a full erection (I'm honestly not sure whether to rate this as a side effect or a benefit).
I encountered no physical side effects, however I did have trouble with insomnia after I discontinued the treatment. It was more difficult to fall asleep after discontinuation than before treatment began. I consider this to be a mark of addiction.
Initially I had a bit of nausea and extreme sleepiness the first week, but then that subsided and everything was great for a month. After that I began to experience itchy skin, but not enough to be bothered by it. Soon after that I then broke out in hives all over my body in the middle of the night several nights in a row. The itching was unbearable and I had to switch to a different medication.
none just not working
dry skin and skin irritation
Vaginal yeast infection.
Joint pain in my knees and elbows and finger joints


Tired,  


I stop taking the Doryx for a week and the joint pain stop but my acne return


I also suffered very painful headaches here and there
Dry mouth after taking, and slight feelings of lethargy, but hardly noticeable.
none
i woke up in the middle of the night the first 1mg pill having an asthma attack maybe from the horrible stomach pains!!! Then was in the bathroom(if you know what i mean) 4 TIMES in the middle of the night!  finally went to sleep and woke up again having another asthma attack. I had horrible chest pains that felt like my chest was in a vice, cried alot because of the pain.  Don't know what to do, maybe call an ambulance, but didn't. went to sleep finally.
It made me so sleepy and sluggish that I could not function properly the next day.  While it did resolve sleep issues, it led to many other issues.
if I used to much, I'd get redness and irritation. With too much, I'd start peeling and face would feel raw and itchy.
After increasing the dosage to 20 mgs to also reduce my cholesterol levels, I started to experience extreme pain in my arm muscles.
The side effects of this medication in combination with the patient's medical condition and current medications were tremendous and in my opinion contributed to the patient's death.  The patient started having delusions as well as other bizarre behavior and the family could not convince the patient otherwise.  The patient was also on renexa which is known to be a strong inhibitor and I believe caused the seroquel to attain toxic blood levels.  The family tried to contact the psychiatrist to discuss the problems but before this occurred, the patient went into v-fib miles from a hospital.  It was more than 20 minutes before the life saving crew arrived at the scene and even longer before the patient arrived to the ER for treatment.  The patient was pronounced dead on the scene.
memory loss, heart diseasse, increased panick attacks, curbed thinking, loss of sex drive, increased paranoia, increased suicidal thoughts, increase in depression, anxiety. Decreased mental capacities.
very mild. At first I experienced alot of yawning, I had no appetite, fatigue. These side effects did not last long. Weight loss was my biggest concern. I experinced weight loss of about 10lbs.
none
When I started taking the drug, I experienced some diarrhea.
Stomach ache.
Dry irritated skin and burning.  Over many years loss of elasticity and slight damage to the skin.
I am normally the queen of side effects and the only one that I ended up with was not being able to taste what I eat. It effected me within 2 months of taking it, and its gotten better but there are still some foods that i just cant enjoy because i cant taste it.
I suffer from chronic migraines and as I increased my dosage of Lyrica, it increased the frequency of my migraines.  It also had sexual side effects, suppressing sexual drive.
none.
Blurry vision, increased bladder leaks,moodiness, a little weight gain which may not be from Strattera
I felt sleepy all the time. I was not alert at times, which interfered with my work. When I started to withdraw from the medication based on the discussion with my doctor, I had severe withdrawal symptoms for about a week, including headache, upset stomach, sweating, and lost concentration.
I have not experienced any side effects except when dosage was increased.  Side effects then were acne and headaches.  Upon reducing the dosage to the current .025, all side effects were relieved.
Never feeling sexual aroused anymore since taking the pills. Not once since taking the pill. Not wanting partner to try anything sexual, I'm just turned off. Have no idea why but i definitely know it's those pills.
Excessive daytime sleepiness, difficulty concentrating and retaining information, craving sweets which worsen my hypoglycemia, among others.
Feeling a little "creaky" the day of treatment
In the past few years I've tried to get off of it by reducing my dose.  I cut my pills in half (to 50 mg) and after a few weeks went through a depression that REALLY sucked.  But I got through it.  When I tried to take it down to 25 mg, I got really depressed again and it wouldn't go away.  I went back up to 50mg and am still there.
none
I got terrible rash all over my body, specially arms, nech, face. It was terribly itching and redness, and I havent notice it was because of the Voltaren taking. I just realized that when I double check the insert with the drug details... I was like a week to eliminate it from my body and have to take another prescription for the rash, an anthistaminic or antialergic.
It does cause drowsiness and so had to be taken at night. It also causes a dry mouth. It felt to me as if it were also slowing my metabolism down but this was not measurable in the time frame.
didn't notice any side effects, i think it can increase risk of breast cancer, and it can actually help to decrease chance of alzheimer's
redness, peeling, dry skin at .1%, less side effects with .05%
none to me
It's hard to know as I was swollen from the surgery but the drug's listed side effects are swelling if the torso, thighs, and legs. I was very swollen when I left the hospital and it didn't dissapate.
feeling sick dizzy made vision in eye go funny. made tendons in whole body swell made muscels feel like they are burning. i cant excercise now because i have to let me tentons heal . i dont know how long it will take. brain fog extream fear and emotional .
an intollerable level of sedation. Even though I took the medication before bedtime, the next day I felt exhausted and mentally dull for the entire day. Given the moderate level of symptom relief, this was not a reasonable trade-off.
I started taking birth control because it was a month before prom and i was scheduled to have my period then and i would have had it when i was going on a trip to florida, which i was not having. My doctor told me i would probably still get my period around those times, just very light. However i did not get any spotting for three months, i got my period a week ago and it's getting worse. The cramps on a scale of 1 to 10 are at 11, and it went from very light to heavy. I'm not even at the end of the pack yet! I don't recommend seasonique. I was told to take motrin, that hasn't even helped. I've felt like i'm in labor for a week now.
Made me nasuous, dizzy, and tired. Gave me a headache and loss of appetite. All symtoms were affective immediatley after use
I could not sleep. I had trouble falling asleep and would awaken wide awake many time during the night.
Did cause some drowsiness.  Alcohol did intensify this experience.  No reported upset stomach, as is the case with some of these products.
None experienced
none
The Rivotril didn't have any side effects in the long run, it made me a bit sluggish at first.  However after taking it for a few years and feeling I no longer needed it, I found it impossible to stop taking it as the withdrawal symptoms were so bad.  I have cut the dosage down considerably, from 5 mg at night to one, then I became nervous again and started taking 2 again.  I have tried several times to come off the drug completely but the results have been tremors and feeling sick along with high anxiety to the point of hardly being able to speak.  I would always go back on it.  I never felt I needed MORE...I just coudn't stop taking even a small amount.
None that I noticed.
see above
Leg and foot pain. When researched through forums and blogs, discovered that many experience moderate to severe leg pain with Lipitor. My husband could not recall when the leg and foot pains started and further research indicated that no-flush Niacin (500 mg, 2 x day) along with Policosanol (20 mg 1 x day) could be very effective in lowering cholesterol; therefore, Lipitor was stopped and for six months the laternative routine was started. A recent bloodwork indicated a 30% increase of cholesterol and my husband resumed taking Lipitor. By the way, his leg and foot pains did not diminish when he stopped taking Lipitor.
face became easily red and irritated with exercise, wind, cold temperatures.  I could not find a cleanser that did not irritate my face.  I tried several cleansers and had to use a product made for sensitive skin such as cetaphil or neutrogena.  Make-up also became and issue due to the sensitivity of the skin.  It would take over an hour for my skin to calm down after and irritant.
diahharea
Constipation
I do not have any side effects.
none - I don't recall anything
None that I am aware of.
The bad thing about this certain dosage of the Femring was on the third day it seemed as though I was beginning to have vaginal irritation.  The fourth day was obvious vaginal irritation with a blistery rash.  Upon feeling and seeing this rash I removed the Femring and called my Dr.
On the first day of taking this medication, I became extremely high and anxious within an hour of taking it.  I then went on a major shopping spree, had major increased energy and talked a lot more then I usually do.  By the second night, I started crying and could not stop and my teeth would not stop chattering.  Over the next few days I became like a zombie during the day, but by night I would be a crying shaking mess.  On the last day of taking this medication I was truly suicidal and I was not even depressed when I started this medication a week earlier.  This medication was to treat severe anxiety only, and it did help for this, but made me severely depressed as a consequence.  This medication may be very beneficial for some people, but it did not work for me.
Taking the full dose resulted in insomnia and some agitation. In addition, appetite loss, dry mouth, and some stomach upset were also experienced.
The application of estrace didn't appear to have side effects initially, however, upon continued use severe irritation of the vaginal lining occurred as well as a severe yeast infection. Yeast infection was so severe it required prescription medication to clear up.
Difficult to maintain effective absorption because I also have to take antacids for Barrett's esophagus.  Why, since absorption is so critical, is there not a patch administration for this medication?  Also experience heart palpitations.
None that I can see
While I was more alert, I didn't really feel rested. Increased insomnia, loss of appetite, lost 18 pounds so far.
As above
Side effects included initial headache until the body got used to the medication.  Some dizziness and nausea was experienced, but minor.
A very uncomfortable inner restlessness was the worst side effect.  I felt like I had to constantly get up and move around, but it didn't even help.  I couldn't sit still, had major problems sleeping at night, AND started gaining weight.
Abdominal pain, Stomach discomfort, Flu-like symptoms, Anxiety, Nausea, Joint pain, Back pain, Sinus headache, Soar throat, Inflammatory lesions in the anogenital region.


The sinus headache, nausea, and anxiety were immediate, but flu like symptoms and lesions didn't appear until start of 3rd week. I then stopped taking Oracea. It made me feel like my body was falling apart, the back pain, nausea, and flu like symptoms weren't worth having an acne-free face.
None
Dry mouth, mild addictive properties, slight increase in heart rate.
The main side effectas of this drug were sexual in nature and including in order of severity: inorgasmia, erectile dysfunction, flat mood, a feeling of apathy and general indifference to everything, I was tired all the time and had zero sex drive. I found that while my social anxiet improved my agoraohbia remained untreated, If I misssed one dose, within ten hours I became extremely ill.
I did not notice any negative or positive side effects.
Lamictal seems to have increased my sex drive. I'm constantly "horny" and masturbate alot. The crazy thing is that Lamictal also seems to cause anorgasmia.....difficulty in achieving orgasm. Most of the time I get 99.9% of the way towards feeling like I'm going to climax but don't. So this med has increased my sex drive but doesn't let me fully enjoy the "benefits". Anyone have any suggestions in dealing with anorgasmia?
none
Dryness for the first week.  Looked much more wrinkled around the eyes, but this subsided after the second week.
Persistant nausea, diarrhea after every single dose.
None. Actually felt pretty good compared to off the drug
None
I did not have any side affects.
increased dryness, exfoliation. Especially peri-oral Increased photosensitivity.
I haven't experience any side effects
Some side effects for me are wide awake, hyper, jittery, plugged ears (needs to be popped) joint pain and discomfort in my knees, ankles, and hips (almost like an arthritis feeling but not sore, just awkward.
Esophageal irritation making it really painful to have anything like tea or eating anything hot because it feels like it's scraping your esophagus before it reaches your stomach.
Mild headaches occasionally when the drug wore off; smelly urine; occasionally insomnia, depending on what time the drug was first taken.
no side effect no benefits
Minimal but after 3 days I felt nauseas, queezy, fatigued and a bit 'out of it' and numb/detached.


The nausea only lasted a week but the fatigue hung around for a while. Now it's lifting thankfully.


No weight changes at all.
Did not note any side effects.
No side effects
increased b/p but it came down within a few weeks, dry mouth, appetite suppression, there was some increase of irritation grouchy feelings when the medication would wear off.
If I miss a pill r two, my acidic sensitivity is much greater than it was before I started to take to medication at all.
He got a rash all over the body within 1 hour of administering the drug, which is why we went back to the doctor.
no side effect that I have experienced or can tell about.


I was told that the medicine may damage my kidneys and I am taking regular check ups to test kidney function, however after over 5 years of taking the medicine every day (three times a day) there are no side effect and no problems to the kidneys.
Made skin EXTREMELY dry and flaky, almost unbearable, even moisturizer couldn't fix it
Nausea, extreme sleepiness,severe headache, jittery, not myself,extremely grouchy, easily upset.
Feeling Tired, lethargic. Dry skin ,  dry mouth, dry eyss. Nausea.  When I actually take the methotrxate  I feel as if I have a temperature and cannot do much for the first day. 48 hours hours after taking methotrexate I take a 5mg dose of Folic acid to reduce the most harmful side effects of taking methotrexate.
none that I noted
Sever irritation. Peeling of the outerlayer of the skin. Redness. Sensitivity. Photo-sensitivity. Dry skin.
I DON T BELIEVE THERE WERE ANY.
Side effects at the time included worsened insomnia and irregular menstruation ( already suffered from before starting drug, but worse while taking it) and mood swings. Insomnia and irregular menstruation have continued, mood swings have improved but both continued conditions may have worsened naturally anyway due to naturally occurring early peri-menopause as there is a family history of this.
Slight headache/stress in neck after the first dose although could be due to my resistant feelings of taking this to begin with. A bit of feeling shaky right after taking doses but controlable.
About six weeks ago, I noticed that my hair -- which has been quite thick throughout my life -- was markedly thinner.  My scalp is patchy in spots and the hair is beginning to thin out in clumps on the top of my head.
slight stomach naseau if not taken with food.
There really weren't any side effects like those described above from dexedrine.
As far as I can tell, there are no side effects. I have heard things about these proton inhibitors doing something to the bones, though, making for bone problems, but there's no way I can tell whether it's happening to me. My bone situation has actually improved while on this medication because I've been working out in the gym with weights.
extreme tiredness and for this reason must be taken before bed. Also in higher doses which are more effective, it can cause some temporary memory loss. Can be blurry vision immediately after taking drug.
I started having alot of abdominal pain, and the urge to go to the bathroom, I had a bladder infection. I would also get a headache once in awhile
Erection not as strong.
Severe diarrhea, very severe vomiting
drowsiness
Didnt feel any side effects.
Upset stomach.
sometimes a hangover effect in the morning if I took it late in the evening and had to get up early. Need about 10 hours to have it leave the system.
Side effects in the beginning were a bit of anxiety that eventually past but recently I have been having trouble concentrating, my memory has been poor.  Generally I feel like my iq has dropped  I have also been very teary and find myself crying a fair amount over small incidences almost like I was pregnant.  None of this may have anything to do with the medication but I am concerned.
None.
I've been more moody the past few weeks. I have also experince increased nausea. My GERD has acted up as well. My husband cannot feel it and normally I can't either, but "while in use" It has been pinching me. I'm hoping these side effects will go away if I continue use.
No side effects!
Treatment side effects for me were nausea and feeling unclear or 'loopy'. I found that if I took more than one pill within six hours, I became very nauseated.  In addition, I would not have been able to function properly or drive a car comfortably because of the side effects with my clarity.
sometimes difficult to wake up
No direct side effects but I used to take OTC allergy med (loratidine) except during extreme periods, then I would switch to the prescription for two months or so.  Now the allergy seems unresponsive to the over the counter medication, no matter what time of year it is.  I do not know if my allergy has changed or if I have become dependent on the fexofenadine.
I've been lucky with side effects. It has been entirely weight-neutral, which was a big consideration for me. I had some very pleasant side effects when I first started taking the drug--vivid but enjoyable dreams and an increase in sexuality. The only negative effects were sometimes having to reach to find the word I was trying to use (which has since lessened, although it still happens occasionally) and pretty bad acne (which I am now treating separately and is much better.) Neither of those effects are on the PI sheet, and my doctor seems very skeptical that either was caused by the drug, but I've found lots of anecdotal evidence of other people experiencing similar things. Regardless, the effects have been minimal and WELL worth it considering how much I've been helped.
I have read that a lot of people who take this are very tired and sleepy. I believe that everyone's body reacts differently to drugs. As far as my side effects goes I feel great. Almost a natural "high" if you will. I am very talkative and focused. I will say that I do not have much of an appetite. My stomach feels fine and the lower pain has gone away for the most part. I do realize I am taking more pills now because the effectivness has worn off a bit, doing my research on this I have heard that being the case many times.
During the second week I experienced stomach problems.  I had diarrhea that lasted for about a week.  I also had moderate headaches which lasted a little longer than the stomach issues.
Increased appetite which of course lead to weight gain which caused me to feel depressed!  I am not exaggerating when I say my appetite was almost insatiable. Excessive sleepiness during the day which caused me to actually start falling asleep while talking to someone on several occassions.  It also made me feel almost "numb" emotionally.  Sedation along with an insatiable appetite caused me to gain over 25 pounds.
Erectile problems,Severe anxiety, panic attacks, negative thoughts, depression, brain fog. Effected not only myself, but my family. This was not me. Only took for three months. Took much longer for side effects to subside. In my opinion a dangerous drug. May not have the same effect on everyone, but these side effects seem to be common enough to be documented and taken seriously. At this point seem to be being ignored.
Sometimes drowsy, easily tired
headahe paranoid seems to be afraid to do things he would do tired hard to go to sleep
The effect was slow.  Approximately one or two hours before any significant pain relief was noticed.  Also, some nausea from the drug.
very dry thoat and eyes, dry mouth, burning sensation when urinating.
I have a dry mouth and eyes. Drug has decreased effectiveness in last 5 years.
I believe that I have gained weight due to taking BP medication. I feel that my metabolic rate has been affected by these meds.
After only 3 treatments I have developed common side effects, as in dizzines which keeps me from being too active. I am always tired even though I am finally sleeping most of the night, I have developed the bumps on the forhead that everyone talks about, and I have the need to constantly unrinate. I have been reading reviews online now for a week and am getting concerned because most comments show that people find the side effects worse than the condition and I have just started. I believe that I am also suffering from depression, but because I am a single parent I try to keep myself busy with family issues which allows me to put aside the bad feelings temporarily.
I have noticed no side effects. I have never needed to increase my dosage over the course of five years, and when I skip a dose, my insomnia is exactly what it was before taking trazodone, no worse.
I have found that if I take it too early prior to going to bed, it's less effective. Also, there have been a few times (very few) where it hasn't worked and I have gotten acid reflux (ash taste in mouth, vomiting, pain in throat and chest)  Also, for whatever reason, there also have been times I have had to take 2 pills versus the usual 1 pill.
Patient was taking the medication in the morning.  At night, a jittery restless feeling was noted which required the patient to get out of bed and move around for about 20 minutes before returning to bed.  The patient switched medication times to the evening before bed and the restlessness did not return.  The patient also noted that the desire to consume sweets or carbohydrates was markedly reduced during treatment.
The side effects of taking Tramadol for 11 years is addiction.  If I miss a dose, I experience typical withdrawal symptoms (e.g., nausea, headache, restless leg syndrome, stomach cramps).
Occasionally I would have trouble falling asleep and staying asleep if I took the drug too late in the day. I began to take it upon wakening daily to counter those effects.
Jittery feeling, sleeplessness and on occasion nausea.  This medication always makes me nauseas if I take it with other vitamins or other medication such as Advil.
Slight dryness at the beginning of treatment. Increased sun sensitivity.
Diarreha if I eat more sugar than I should, some abdominal cramping, again, only if I ate something I shouldn't have.
I developed vaginitis and a yeast infection. This usually starts to occur around four or five days after I finish a round of antibiotics. This reaction to antibiotics first started to occur around ten years ago after I was treated with tetracycline for six months for a severe case of lyme's disease.
I've experienced no side effects.
i had no side effects
none for me, however, I  know someone who had hallucinations
Do not have any
Coughing,fatigue, hair loss
Minor bruising and longer bleeding times with cuts, but nothing serious. Occasional dizziness when the INR counts went above 3 or 4. It's difficult at times to get a stable INR reading due to all the various foods, supplements, and drugs which either increase or decrease Coumadin's effects.
The drowsiness was overwhelming, I was sleeping for about 16hours a day with no relief after and my appetite increased rapidly. I was consuming about three times my usual intake.
see above
Constipation and even less chance of digesting food properly.
increased appetite


decreased libidp
Im sure it causes night sweats and significant weight loss.  Other side effects that may or may not be related that I experience (although I also started taking it after the birth of my first child and may be related to that rather than the Xyrem)were receeding hairline, short term memory impact, some decrease in cognitive function such as difficulty with word recall, following a more complex line of reasoning, etc.., and increased anxiety.  Even given the side effects, my life is so much better now that I am not so exhausted and I can't imagine going back to life before Xyrem.
I originally took Lamictal 200mg once a day for two months in March 2008 and had to stop because of moderate memory loss(mild long term loss and  moderate/severe short term loss), loss of ballence, and fatigue.I was sometimes in a mental fog. I would repeat the same things several times an hour and not remeber that I had said it. When I first started taking Lamictal I was leaving for college in a few months and my doctor(whom I no longer see)rushed me to raise my perscription very quickly.During that time it had completly controled my depression and mania.
I can not be sure it was from the medication but I had mild stomach upset
none
There were no side effects.
none observed.
None
I suspect it caused increased hair loss (thining) which I became aware of after about two - two and a half years of using the medication. I had hair loss before ever starting medications but it seems like this medicine began increasing the problem. Cosopt burned initially on application and turned the eyes red which cleared up fairly quickly. I am not aware of any other side effect. I switched medications and further explanation is below. If I knew these drugs do cause hair loss it might affect its rating,... but then again it does save the eyes.
massive amount of hair loss. I basically went from a full head of hair to half bald in a span of 3 years.Also arthritis type pain between joints if you take too much for too long. Sometimes i had to lay off of it for a few weeks to regain my strength. This stuff has some serious side effects. Men feel the side effects much worse then woman do.
red face, if applied correctly and use a tiny amount then not so bad at all.
I have some GI distress, but am not sure if it's directly due to Leflunomide or to a long history of taking RA medications which also negative have GI effects.





I had a very serious eye infection last year which resulted in corneal scarring and loss of much vision in one eye. It's very possible that my immune-suppressed condition (Leflunomide and Orencia)resulted in a more serious infection and slower healing time than if I were not on immunosuppressants.
fingernails grew extremely thin and splitting. Been off the medication for over 2 months and fingernails have not improved. 





Vertigo occurred after 12 weeks. It became so bad I had to stop the medication.


Apparently 1 in 10,000 people experience this side effect so it is rare.





Lose of appetite and change in taste buds.  This was mild and not a problem.





Its the fingernail thinness that really bothers me.  I thought my nails would go back to normal but they haven't.  They are still paper thin and splitting every time I try to pick anything up with my nails.  Its very irratating. 





But my toenails look great.
sickness for 4 days, numb arm for that period of time, couldn't dress, couldn't drive. then cold anf flu followed, with stomach problams because of lack of food because of associated problems
I did not put it on near my eyes but somehow the whole area around my eyes is bright red and very sensitive. (I look like a raccoon.)  It burns my face - especially around my eyes - when I use any moisturizer or sunscreen. I had to switch to a milder cleanser to reduce irritation.
Severe abdominal cramping and diarrhea, dizziness, "spacy" feeling, fainting due to the severe diarrhea.
very high dialostic blood pressure, weight loss, fatigue
A thin layer proved to result in dramatic itchiness in  those areas coated by Protopic ointment.
Sore breasts, moodiness
NO SIDE EFFECTS SO FAR, BUT ALL PRESCRIPTION DRUGS HAVE SOME EFFECTS WITH THE YEARS. THAT'S WHY I TRY TO STAY AWAY FROM DRUGS.
Strange bruising (almost orange brown in color). I bruised much more easily at first, but that effect gradually faded after about nine months.  





I catch a lot more colds and flus, and seem to have more stomach-aches.  Instead of one major flu/cold a year, I get sore throats every month or two, and several flu/cold attacks a year.
drowsiness
unpleasant reaction to the sudafed, much like overcaffeination, which had never occurred previously with sudafed alone.
sex drive loss (Temporary)





slower metabolism permanint





headache (temp)





trouble sleeping(temp)





Getting on this drug is bitch but once your on it its great
Mild drowsiness.  Emotionalism.
There didn't seem to be any noticeable side effects.
After an hour of taking Seroquel, if it hasn't knocked me out, my legs become numb and tingly (which causes a lot of discomfort, sometimes painful) and I have difficulty staying awake.


If I don't take it early in the night, I will sleep through most of the next day, even through alarms.
minor sores like blemishes heal more slowly.  After taking, i'm tired in the morning
sweating
Vomiting and nausea on days the drug was ingested, rebound effect(return of plaque) when attempting to decrease the medication;  liver blood levels need monitoring while on the drug.
The only side effect is a dry mouth.
However, the heart palpatations created a condition which was diagnoised as a mitral valve prolapse.  I was told that the condition was congenital.  I explained that I had never had the symptoms/or condition before and was sure that it would have been diagnosed in the 43+ years prior.  After about 12 years, I still, from time to time experience palpatations or flutters around my heart.  About three years ago, I was examined by a heart specialist.  He reevaluated me and said that I DID NOT HAVE mitral valve prolapse.  GO FIGURE.
The side effects were horrible after one dose - severe dizziness - room spinning.  Loss of balance.  Severe nausea, vomiting.
Didn't experience any, except for first night a little restless, but that was it.
I had a bad taste in my mouth in the morning.  This was mildly irritating and much better than not sleeping.  It didn't put me off the meds.
In the beginning, I had loss of appetite, and become tired.  But that ended after about two weeks.
i did not notice any side effects at all while taking this medication
Dry mouth, thirsty a lot.Sometimes costipation,faint ringing in ears sometimes, comes and goes.
Chronic constipation, dry mouth and mild dizziness. The side effects, aside from the constipation were usually mild and went away after treatment was discontinued.
None that I noticed.
Have not experienced any side effects, except the plateau in visible results.
jittery.. sometimes euphoric.. tired but cant sleep.. in a zone.
Because it only took away part of the pain I thought it would be OK to take 2 more tablets.  That was a really bad idea.  I started to feel pressure in my head, I felt like I was going to faint, my lips started to tingle.  The worst effect though was that about 3 min after my heart started going extremely fast then started skipping over and over.  It was very scary.  I then read that a person can die from and overdose.  I feel like I dodged death.  Very important! take this as prescribed.
Mild addiction and nausea when treatment period ended. Material studied tended to dissipate in longer-term memory. After treatment period appetite returned with a vengence,resulting in overeating.
So far none, however there could be future side effects. I've read recent studies that have come out stating the carcinogenic nature of this drug. I would not advise anyone else to use this drug since there are natural alternatives.
Sometimes I experienced a slight ticking in my head as if I had something in my brain clicking all the time.  If I do not take the Zoloft when I get up (later in the day) I get headachs.  No other side effects.
Side effects for the drug were minimal and mainly consisted of dry mouth.
For some reason i felt very emotional, much more than before going on the pill. It did not come across as a negative side effect, but I would  cry  on seeing a scenic landscape, not to mention more charged situation.   Similar side effects were described by my friend who also took marvelon.  Moreover, I experienced enhanced libido but, perhaps, it was an effect of reduced worrying over getting pregnant.
It is undetermined whether Pravastatin is responsible for the muscle pain and diarrhea I am experiencing daily. I had cronic back pain prior to taking Pravastatin and I am now having muscle cramps and significant joint pain.  The chronic diarrhea began in 07/2009 before I started taking Pravastatin and lab testing has not revealed any cause for it.
after the first 30 days, I noticed that i had severe heartburn, tightening of my throat , a huge weight gain, 20 pounds in one month, moon face, a sore tongue, probably just picked up a chest infection, and feeling generally lousy
I felt extremely dizzy, I was short of breath and my throat felt constricted. I also felt an almost floating sensation for a while after I took it and I was in bed all day with the side effects
decreased sex drive
I did not personally have any side effects from taking Lexapro. I gained 5lbs after starting it, but it was also winter time and I seem to gain 5 pounds around the holidays anyway. No trouble taking it off in the spring so I don't think it was an actual side effect--just too much of the holiday food.
With the increase of breast size also came extreme breast tenderness, especially during the week before menstrual flow.
Occasional confusion likened to this patient's post-ictus symptoms.  Memory impairment.  Benefits greatly outweigh any side effects experienced.
None - it didn't really work.  Always left gasping, although not as bad, never clears up the beginning of an attack.
So far I have experienced no side effects. I have had no bad or serious reactions. I have not had any intestinal pains, diarhhea or nausea that I have heard are common side effects that are associated with taking this drug. I have not even had an upset stomach.
When I first started taking it, I would get drowsy.  I started splitting the pill in half and taking them about 12 hours apart and this seemed to help.  Also I noticed a drastic decrease in alcohol tolerance.
After reading all of the side affects listed on this website,,I conclude I had no sideaffects from Atarax
Few side effects, BUT...the few that I did have were quite severe. The biggest and worst effect was the constant chewing, mostly without noticing. As I said before, I'm spontaneous. And my spontaneous self had decided to buy a pacifier shortly before my doctors appointment where I was prescribed Vyvanse. After taking the vyvanse,I felt the sudden urge to chew, on anything ane everything, including the pacifier, my fingers, my cell phone, and the worst, my cheeks. I could feel the pain of chewing my cheeks, and I could taste the blood, but I didn't know what caused it. I didn't know that I was chewing my cheeks at that point. By the end of that day, I had chewed both cheeks, my tongue, and the right side of my top lip quite badly. It also made me lose all intrest in eating, and I love to eat, and I need to eat. (85 lbs. 5'1") after school, I knew that I had to eat, and spent over 30 minutes eating a single cookie.
No noticable side effects
mild tingling sensation in fingers and toes for several weeks after starting, occaissional problems remembering names, lethargy after taking but this was addressed by adjusting time of dosage to bedtime.
Within 2 months, I developed deep vein thrombosis in my left leg and pulmonary emboli in my lungs. Multiple blood clots in my lungs almost killed me. I was lucky to live because the clot lodged in parts of my lungs that were not fatal.
none
Longer eye lashes, darker eyes, slight eye irritation.
after the 4th dose, I had blurred and double vision. I had to go and be evaluated by an opthalmologist, family practioner, and a neurologist since they thought my blurred vision was a result of something else. I was prescribed glasses, had to have extensive testing and FINALLY after 3-1/2 weeks, my normal vision return. I contacted the pharmacy, the drug manufacturer, the FDA and a toxicologist and none were able to tell me how long the side effects would last. I am grateful to have my sight back but this drug should not be on the market if even only 1& of the population can have visual disturbances...It was hell to not see clearly and have to submit to so many tests and be so dependent on others for getting around. DO NOT TAKE THIS MEDICATION!
During the first two months or so that I was on Seasonique, I experienced rather severe depression and uncontrollable mood swings.  I also had issues with breast swelling and tenderness.  I spoke with my doctor and he advised me that such side effects, although very uncommon, almost always wore off after the first few months.  I decided to stick it out and sure enough, they wore off as my body grew accustomed to the medication.
None, although liver screenings were required, and I could not drink alcohol.  I also was encouraged to take B12 supplements.
swelling, weight gain, fatigue
No side effects that I am aware of.
anti acids
When on too much levothyroxine I was jittery, had weight loss and was emotional.  If I had too little I had difficulty with bloating and fatigue.  It was certainly a drug that had to be monitored and adjusted based on lab levels and side effects.
the side effects are individual and unfortunately you don't know which ones will effect you the most. my personal side effects were horrible acne, weight gain, hair loss, extreme irritability.
A wee lethargic, but welcome feeling compared to... you know dying and hyperventilating. :) Definately tired. Maybe some minor bowel disturbances.





I am concerned about withdrawal so plan to take it on an as needed basis only!
I always had bad blood circulation so i would feel my legs a little bit swallow!
none
I initially experienced mild facial redness, which lasted the first three days of treatment.
IT BURNS SO BAD!!!!!! ITCHING AND BURNING LIKE MY WORST ECZEMA NIGHTMARE! LIKE A HEATING PAD HAS BEEN LEFT ON MY BARE SKIN ON HIGH HEAT FOR A LONG TIME. I paid over $100 for this and I don't think I can go through with this to see if it gets better. Not twice a day, I'm miserable right now from putting on for the first time this morning - 2 hours ago and it still is hurting, burning, itching, on fire! I'd take caution when applying this, only do a very small area and do it when you don't have to work or go to school. FML
I have never experienced any side effects
congestion and pressure within 2 hours after taking the morning dose on the 3rd day.
Still have headaches - not clear if these are from my sinuses or a side effect, but they have been persistent. Always had problems with sleep, so am not sure if that is affected by the Prometrium.
constant back and stomach cramps,breakthrough bleeding(really often),it made my interest in sex really really low because I developed dyspareunia(painful intercourse) and it made me avoid sex which made me considerably depressed..and depression may or may not be a side effect..but it definitely was a thing.
This medication does cause drowsiness, and dizziness as it says on the label.  Rest is a must while taking this medication.  Its better if you do not drive and perform intensive activities right after taking this medication.  It is a very strong medication and since I have a petite physique, I did think that the dose was a bit too high for me.  I felt very light headed and drowsy after taking th epill but i must say the pill does do its job.
None.
In the beginning I remember getting "topatingles" or tingling in my fingers (that hurt sometimes), toes, and even my lips. I lost a lot of weight and have stayed in the underweight category ever since. My memory vanished (I affectionately nicknamed this drug "stupimax" and "Dopamax"), I got strange aches and pains in my bones, joints, and muscles. I was more sensitive to the sun and heat and my sweat was reduced. I frequently had a runny nose and cough. Food tasted funny. Sex felt different (not bad- just different) my skin was  very sensitive to touch and my hearing was overactive. My potassium kept testing deficient and I had to be prescribed supplements. My hair also fell out in clumps!





All that went away or got better with some time. I also found out WHY it was happening- I was malnourished. Once I started drinking 56-80oz of water a day, taking a multivitamin + biotin (for the hair issue!), eating potassium rich foods and a more healthy diet all of a sudden the side effects started to vanish. 





I still have dilantin side effects which are easy to distinguish as I've been on that since 1985, but the topamax ones are gone barring once and awhile I have a bit of 'loss of words' while speaking. I love this drug.
initially, not many, some loss of concentration when driving longer than half hour periods, eyes felt very heavy, and it felt like part of my brain had shut down, struggled not to fall to sleep. after some time, about six years, I started to get night sweats, very uncomfortable, and mood swings. I thought it might be hormaonal, but after taking away the drug , the symptoms alleviated.
A million, shaking like crazy, jaw clenching practically breaking my teeth, jaw chattering, felt like I was watching myself, insomnia, blurred vision, confusion, couldn't stop thinking, can't stay still.
Noticed light skin iritation.  Take the light skin iritation over a migrane any day!
none
I noticed no side effects, other than a one time stomach ache. This medication is associated with stomach problems when taken for longer periods, but the longest I used it was 7 days.
Niaspan is a high dose of Niacin (vitamin B) and causes a good amount of flushing at a dose of 1000mg.  My cholesterol levels were screwy, and I had a more holistic doctor at the time.  She wanted to avoid drugs that she considered more harsh.  I was instructed to take the dose right before I went to bed.  I took the first dose about an hour before bed, and I turned beet red with the most amazing full-body flush.  Skin on my arms, torso, chest, neck and face was flushed.  I was really hot and really uncomfortable.  I went to lay down and try to sleep, but I couldn't get comfortable.  It was embarrassing because we had a guest staying with us at the time!  After about 15-20 minutes the flush subsided, and I was able to fall asleep.  So it is important to literally take the pill as you're getting into bed.  I've noticed some flushing sort of subconsciously while I'm asleep, but it generally doesn't wake me up.
Drowsiness, somewhat impaired balance
End of 3rd day: extreme dizziness, with sense of room spinning wildly; deep-seated nausea but no vomiting; 4th day more serious than 3rd; uncertain if finishing the course (to the 5th day) is wise, or even possible, with full time work
none
I had and still continue to have few side side effects. I had a decrease in appetite.
My skin started flaking all over my face (not just on the application sites). The flaking is similar to normal dry skin symptoms. I also developed very minor scabby areas below my eyes, just above the cheek application site. The corners of my mouth turned red and became irritated, which was annoying and unbecoming.
jitteriness, shakiness, excessive phlegm when coughing. If used late at nite, would cause me to stay awake.
None that I'm aware of.
Redness, itching, sometimes swelling at injection site and mild soreness.  All are brief in duration. I have never experienced the flushing described by "49 year old female" either, but Shared Solutions will inform you about it so you will be prepared should it happen.





I like to consider it in the same way I did Avonex for all those years; it sucks, but it keeps me on my toes and therefore worth it.
For the first few days of the use of Seroquel I had very bad nightmares. My nighmares felt so real that I almost stopped taking the medication. After about two day the nightmare just turned into very vivid dreams... sometimes very pleasant dreams. Seroquel also makes me urinate more often so I drink more water to stay hydrated.
Total loss of taste and rapidly diminishing sense of smell.  Very bad taste in my mouth.  Feels like I'm sucking on a dirty copper penny all the time.  After one week of enduring the loss of my sense of taste and smell, I stopped taking the medication.  It's only been 2 days and these two senses have not yet returned, but I'm hopeful they will eventually.
I had no treatment side effects at all. The evening pill did make me drousy but that is mentioned on the prescription. It a good thing because people sometimes does not sleep well when they are trying to quit or do quit smoking.
I was very drowsy during the first few weeks.  But that went away after a while.
Initially, I noticed no side effects. However, after taking it for approximately three weeks I began with nausea. I assumed I had caught a 'bug' & continued taking the med. Going into the fourth week the nausea became more pronounced & came intermittently throughout the day & evening. Additionally,the nausea was intermittently accompanied by a mild headache.
Loss of appetite, heartburn, nausea,light headed feeling, gas, bloating,did not sleep well, 2 episodes of extreme dizziness  (side-effects were most extreme at mid-point - 5 days.  About 7-10 after completion I developed a vaginal yeast infection, which was cleared with over the counter medication.
Some redness and slight dryness was perceived. Nosystemic side effects were noted, as adapalene is not very well absorbed by the body
Better sleep.
I am aware that it is habit-forming, so I use it less often than I would like. If I take it late at night, I can feel sleepy next day
None
if overapplied sneezing and runny nose occurs with frequency
The only side effect I noticed was a diminished sex drive.
The only side effects of takibg this drug are some stomach irritation. I have found that if I take it with food it helps. The manufacturers of this drug claim that there are no side effects involving the stomach but I would disagree with this claim.
no side effects were  experienced by the patient
none
The gel can be visible if applied too thickly, at which point it can flake slightly.
none. As I said. no side effects were notices. Not sure how much more clear I can be on this. = no headache, no dizziness,  no issues.
hives
none
None.  Not that I can tell.
At first a tiny bit of dryness but quickly subsided so consider no bad side effects.
Product was gritty, drying and caused redness. Also was a bit smelly. When dropped onto the rug or clothing it caused bleach spots.
Severe fatigue, irritability, brain fog, depression, anxiety
I experienced dry mouth, involving white build up on my tounge. Also it lowered my energy level and I would nap a lot as a result
I have been talking mesalamine for 2 years and so far have not noticed any side effects. This treatment should be administered a life long. In case of a flare up (inflamed digestive tract) the dosage can be tripled.
Bad reaction with Alcohol. Allows me to drink more. Dry mouth when first taking. Harder to orgasm but actually increased libido. Side effects are not serious to me. Well worth it for the benefits.
The main side effect is dizziness.  For example just sitting and then the room begins to spin.  This only began to happen when I started the medication.  Also I would not advise stopping the medication all of a sudden.  When this happened I began to have terrible headaches, became very dizzy and moody even more so than when I began the medication.
I have not felt any side effects. I know other people feel loss of libido, but I did not suffer this pre-menopause. I have lost some libido since menopause, which is what I attribute it to.
stomach upset, nausea
a bit of tenderness and redness during the first week or two.  Avoid facial scrubs and sun.
initial dosage was 20 mgs. each morning.  this dosage was sufficient for about 5 years, at which point it was raised to 40 mgs. each day.  ultimately, the dosage was raised again approximately 2-3 years after the first increase to my current dosage of 60 mgs. each day.  this is apparently the maximum dosage.  only side effect was loss of libido.
I didn't experience any side effects
Mild headaches and dehydration.  I need to make sure I drink ample water each day to prevent dehydration.  I also need to get potassium levels tested evey 3 months as sprio is a potassium sparing diuretic.
breast tenderness
Severely damaged liver therefore impairing the ability of the body to eliminate toxins adequately.


As such is most likely the cause for the Parkinson disease that established recently.
peeling, redness, inflamation, but all side effects were expected.
the side effect of this medecine where horrible, I have gained 5 kg that i still carry , a moon face which has gone now, my skin was full of a strange acne when I had never a slight breakout in my face, I was very depressed and almost commited suicide , I had to take valum to be able to finish the treatement
I experienced some mild stomach upset a few hours after taking the first dose (a combined dose totalling 500 mg.)
none
It did dry out my skin somewhat. Some days seemed to be worse than others. Also some areas of my face were worse than others.
slight diarrhea which went away after a couple of weeks. Positive effects outweigh the side effects experienced at first
For the first month I had considerable nausea and headaches but those went away. The lasting effects however were dry mouth and dry eyes. I do experience the initial side effects whenever I increase my dose. I have also lost a lot of weight, about 15 pounds, due to the nausea and food aversion I experience from this medication.
my stomach cramps up from the medicine.  I also seem to be unable to handle beef products and milk.  My stomach is not digesting them since being on nexium.  I also experience head aches as it is one of the side effects.
The worst side effect was the burning sensation I experienced during the first few weeks. The area that was affected was around my mouth. I started to put less in that area and the burning cessation decreased. I had some minor flaking, but not a lot.
After a while, I began to notice that NOTHING seemed important to me.  I also seemed to be moving in a world that had slowed down considerably.  That may sound good, at first, but the reality was that the only thing that had slowed down was ME--the rest of the world kept going as usual.  I began to notice that I couldn't seem to develop a sense of urgency even when it was IMPORTANT to do so because I had lost my sense of "timing."  I tended to be late everywhere I went, I couldn't complete assignments on time, and my sleeping time increased dramatically.
Severe cramping, headaches, incredible nausea, muscle cramps, vomiting blood (not once but on 2 occasions due to doctor's orders).  I now am facing something wrong with my digestive tract and no doctor has been able to figure out what is wrong.  Since this is the area where the medication was injected, and only there, I believe that the byetta is the perfect suspect.  Now, if I could only find a doctor that will listen to me.  The count is 5 and still increasing.  Recently, I lost 4 pounds in 3 days!!!!  This is not normal!
None - In fact it gave great relief to sore irritated skin as new 'wart' blister tried to form. 





I suggest a clinical trial to be used in conjunction with cryotherapy to prevent spread and regrowth - once warts are treated. It is certainly more successful in eliminating 'emerging warts' and preventing regrowth than the recommended salicylic acid - which does more harm then good.
Irritable, sleeplessness, rages of angry, fatigue, high blood pressure
Heart palpitations and coughing.  These side affects have been decreasing since I discontinued the drug.  Advair seems to be fine for a short time, only to aggravate things later on.
Made me feel a little nauseas on an empty stomach.
After a couple of days of taking the drug, I started experiencing severe flash anger. The smallest nuisance would set me off. I remember actually throwing something across my dining room. It was awful. At that point I decided to no longer take the drug.
Metallic taste within 1/2 hour of taking med
don't recall
redness


skin flaking,peeling


slight irritation
I never got pregnant.
Peeling, dry, irritated skin.
Shortly after starting treatment, I developed diarrhea. It only lasted for a few days, but then I continue to have somewhat pasty stools, with occasional bouts of diarrhea again.
Weight gain in excess of 25 lbs.
Horrible, painful diarrhea after 4 hours of taking each pill I took on day one.
My headaches worsened and I had additonal muscles aches. On 50 mg the first few days, I awoke with horrible facial and jaw pain; I also had some congestion. After going down to 25mg, the facial pain ceased, but I began having nightmares and after the day of elation, I was depressed the day following. I am currently wondering whether these effects will subside and the benefits increase.
I had no side effects, other than a little soreness after the operation, nothing went wrong, and my sex life actually improved, mainly because there was no more pain down there.
None that I noticed
It lists that mouth ulcers may occur, but upon following the instructions which say to rinse out the mouth directly after taking the medicine, I have suffered no side effects.
none that we can tell.
dry, peeling skin


redness


sometimes stings
I did not experience side effects
The side effects of warfarin on me did not become apparent until a couple of years later.  I started feeling weak and I bruised easily.  I acquired more broken blood vessels/capillaries veins in my feet and calves.  I was tired and started feeling cranky.  I stopped taking warfarin for 6 months but then went back to it after I had the old feeling of "thick" blood.  During the 6 months that I wasn't taking warfarin, I felt better, had more energy.  But then the downside: my blood was getting too thick and I was starting to get headaches.  So I went back on it.  This time my doctor said I might have to increase dosage to 4 mg. since I hadn't been taking the warfarin.  However, when I had my thrombin checked, I was okay at 3 mg.; I took this for another 3 months and then started feeling the old way and quit again.  The same scenario was repeated (started feeling like I had "thick" blood and now I had increasingly bad headaches).  I went back on 3 mg. of warfarin in August of this year but only took them for 3 months. Then I started a vitamin/mineral/COQ10 regimen and stuck with it and am still doing that.  I credit most of the perfect blood feeling (for lack of a better term) to Vitamin E and the fact that I also changed my diet.  I try to eat a lot of veggies and fruits, and I have been a vegetarian for almost two years (not super strict - but I feel disgusted about eating meat and therefore never eat it unless it is buried in some food.  I do eat salmon and tuna.  The final straw for me with warfarin was that I started feeling really mad about things.  The littlest things would make me angry, anger that was way out of proportion to the incident.   When my teenaged daughter started crying after I ripped into her for staying longer at a social visit, and I heard my words echoing in my house, I knew that was it.  I quit warfarin and started taking 81 mg. of aspirin daily (I had a headache every morning after I went off warfarin).  I started the vit./min. regimen in November, gradually adding supplements as I learned about their benefits, but it wasn't until 3-4 weeks ago that I realized I wasn't having any headaches and I was able to stop taking 81 mg. of aspirin. Also, since starting the stricter diet and the vit./min. supplements (also some herbs), I have not had an anger "fit" (of course, I am also more prone to control my anger because I really didn't like how I had been), I do not feel depressed.  I have told everyone in my family about this because it seems so remarkable.  Why didn't the doctors tell me?
Marked drowsiness.  Mild intoxicated/sedated type feeling.
Using Lunesta gives a sleep session of as much as 10 hours which might be a problem for some people.
mild fatigue
None
No side effects even after prolonged use for intermittent chronic pain. Have been taking 15 mg tablets on and off ( not taken every day ) for over 2 years.
The worst side effect was that I gained weight at an alarming rate, almost like I had diabetes. Also the drug made me feel zombie like and flat....I think this too strong a choice as a sleep aid and there are better choices.
mild at first,slight headache,jaw pain,some stiffness in joints.thought that it was drug related,but could tolerate it if it was working.than this spring,started to have increasing pain and swelling ,knees,fingers,trouble lifting up arms.at some point i realized that this was getting serious
There were no side effects that I encountered. The drug must be taken on an empty stomach, which is not the case for many other antibiotics. If the drug is not taken on an empty stomach, its effects will be diluded and the drug will be less potent against the infection. It is always recommended to follow the instructions for any drug very closely, and as for rifampin, take it on an empty stomach.
*





      mild nausea, vomiting, bloating, stomach cramps;


    *





      breast pain, tenderness, or swelling;


    *





      freckles or darkening of facial skin;


    *





      increased hair growth, loss of scalp hair;


    *





      changes in weight or appetite;


    *





      problems with contact lenses;


    *





      vaginal itching or discharge;


    *





      changes in your menstrual periods, decreased sex drive; or


    *





      headache, nervousness, dizziness, tired feeling.
None to speak of. It is recommended to take this drug for only 4-8 weeks but I took it for 3 years with no problems.
Really no side effects noted,  sometimes gave me a dry mouth
A little "high" feeling.  Kind of warm and fuzzy.  Very relaxed.
None..after first few days!!
had to be taken at night because of drowsiness
Despite most of colon and rectal area healing, my sigmoid colon developed a bad stricture which may require surgery to remove.  Was very disappointed that healing did not seem to be complete and now I may have to have surgery.  Only side effects from taking the medication I noticed was a very high susceptibility to colds and other easily spread illness.  Also length and severity of colds much worse than when not on it.
But, when I use albuterol I experience mild chest pains afterward. Not immediately, but typically later that day or the next. They don't last long, just a sharp pain or two, but it does occur fairly often. In my case, since I don't use albuterol regularly, it's well worth it.
Constant stomach upset. Complete inability to climax.
I felt a sense of fatigue, low energy and slightly depressed.
none
dizziness and fatigue
Diaria every day, sometimes more than once per day.  General tiredness, I try to work out about 3 times per week.  But I still ran 2 miles about 5 days ago.  I will say that I sleep MUCH better since I started taking DORYX.  I don't wake up during the night at all because it makes me so tired.  I feel more mentally awake during the day, but my body is still tired.
drier skin making wrinkles more prominent.
No noticeable side effects so far.
It took my body 3-4 weeks to get used to Lyrica.  It did make me feel a little different "high" would probably be the best way to describe it.  I have since adjusted and have had no further side effects.
Morning anxiety ++
No significant side-effects in my experience. Some mild diarrhea at the beginning of the course, nothing really after the first couple of days.
DRY everything! LIPS & EYEs! intolerance to contacts! Hair LOSS! Spinal cord spasming and tightening from loss of joint fluid!!! Very difficult to lay down, must do it very slowly or spasms occur. Must take stool softeners to avoid a regular bowel movement or else trauma to rectum can occur with bleeding (usually mild) and possible hemroids. Sun light sensitivity. Major migraines due to increase pressure from synthetic vit A on the brain. Its much worse if you are prone to migraines. Monthly blood test due to toxicity of medication on liver and kidneys. must be on birth control at all times. Long term problems are still persisting...Good luck people... so the risks are crazy but this stuff works if you truly have severe all else fails cystic acne..BUT results may not last...I had to go through this again at 23! Also this stuff will put you in the poor house if not insured! Meds 7 blood work is a big expense! Hope this helps...
slight weight gain
The first time I took this medicine was during the day and I had to run errands and I was very dizzy and I kept having dry heaves, so I had decided to take it at night and I was still up last night with nausea.
none known
weight gain is the worst,also sweating and lack of temperature control.if accidently miss one suffer with "electric shocks" within a very short space of time especially whilst taking the higher doses.nightmares for the first few weeks and when upping the dosage.
insomnia, and irritability
My son and family were working on the daily struggle with  him and medication.  Everyone was struggling.


I was out of control.
None except for exhaustino from disrupted sleep pattern due to needing to take the medication every 4-5 hours
Loss of appetite, heartburn, nausea,light headed feeling, gas, bloating,did not sleep well, 2 episodes of extreme dizziness  (side-effects were most extreme at mid-point - 5 days.  About 7-10 after completion I developed a vaginal yeast infection, which was cleared with over the counter medication.
I experienced vivid dreams.
The antibiotics created a sense of nausea throughout the day,In addition I have to take my pro biotics in order to prevent the common yeast infections that come with the antibiotics
I am female. Taking this drug caused me to get a yeast infection.
dry mouth. Lucid,vivid dreams. I cut the pill in fourths. A fourth of the pill still helped me sleep but, the wild dreams stopped.
SOMETIMES TROUBLE BREATHING AND TROUBLE URINATING.  ALSO, FELT DROWSY DURING THE DAY.  THE BREATHING AND THE URINATING PROBLEMS STOPPED AFTER ABOUT A WEEK ON THIS MEDICATION.  AS FOR THE DROWSY FEELING, I STILL EXPERIENCE THAT AND TRY NOT TO DRIVE WHILE ON THIS MEDICATION.  I EXPERIENCE NO OTHER SIDE EFFECT EVEN THOUGH I AM STILL TAKING THE MEDICATION.
Slight dizziness- however I am extremely sensitive to medications.  I am unable to take any narcotics or strong medications because it makes me nauseous
The side effects were moderate, however the medication should not be taken prior to going to bed.  I had an irritated esophagus and horrible indigestion for a full day and a half because the medication did not dissolve correctly as I had lied down.
None
I had almost a continuous yeast infection, despite taking probiotics.


I also had some nausea and dizziness.
Generic propecia can cause some side effects, the side effects were temporary only. Skin rashes and sexual dificulties
some minor burning that disappeared in a few days.
None that I experienced.
Erectile disfunction, weight gain.
dry eyes and skin. ocusal plugs took care of dry eyes, mousturizers help with dry skin. not sleepy at all unlike many other drugs. Claritin makes me shaky, Allegra and singulaire do not help.
None noted
There were no noticeable side effects.
Reduced sex drive.  Had quite a normal sexual appetite before using this, and it has decreased dramatically.
I wore 60 SPF everyday even in the winter to avoid any sun damage.  I did not experience any side affects.
Halitosis - Bad breath from day - 2
None at all.  The person who previously reviewed had an allergic reaction.  That does NOT mean the drug doesn't work, that means she simply can't tolerate the medication.
dizziness, hot flushes and diarroheah
Very sedated feeling the next morning.  Found it very dificult to approach the next day with any vigor.  Additionally there was a feeling of nervousness or anxiety associated with taking this medication.
None
In the beginning, I felt a little dazed and disoriented for the first 1-2 weeks of taking Lexapro. Once my body adjusted to the drug, I felt like it took the edge off irritability and made me feel like my old self. Sustaining side effects were sexual; a decrease in ability to orgasim.
As indicated in the question relating to treatment benefits; the side effects of Effexor, for me, were a tendency to sleep a lot, and to feel sleepy much of the time.
horrible...began feeling nauseous after 3rd day...disoriented, general "sick" and weak feeling...terrible digestive pains and upset...lasted more than a year afterward...felt like digestive tract was ulcerated or raw, very explosive bowel movements, tendons in heels would "catch" and stiffen...an odd side effect but found out online later that it is one of the known odd side effects of Cipro...fluroquinone poisioning i guess as that is what Cipro is.  Will NEVER take it again!
Sleeplessness!  Taking the prednisone was like drinking ten cups of coffee every night or like being on speed.  I had unnatural amounts of energy -- nervous energy -- and wore myself out during the time I was taking the prednisone.  It always helped to clear up the infection, but then I had to recover from the prednisone.  This is a scary drug.
there were no side effects for me
The only side effect I believe is some weight gain, approximately 10 pounds!!!!!
The day after the injection I was extremely worn out.  Almost like having the flu.  I took the shot on Friday nights, went to bed around 11pm, and then wasn't able to get up before noon the next day, simply due to severe fatigue.  After Saturday, I typically felt pretty good, though.
None.
Severe anxiety attacks commenced approximately two months after starting, and in hind site was a slow build up, but got to the point that it interfered with normal day to day
None that I have noticed, but if I skip a day or two I experience mild congestion.
Slight yellowing of fluids and in whites of eyes.
I started having side effects within days of taking it but didn't realize it thinking that I was dealing with other health issues.  I started out having a very bad sore throat, hoarse voice and cough.  Went to a RediClini and got on antibiotic.  Also went to see a Dr. 2 days later and was given a prednisone pack because I had chest congestion and by that time I had laryngitis plus shortness of breath.  I dealt with these symptoms for 2 weeks.  Cough and wheezing got better and then I realized the connection between getting all of these symptoms and the side effects.  Checked online and sure enough, all of them were listed so I called the Dr. and stopped the medicine.  Shortness of breath is better and my voice is getting somewhat better.
NOW day 3 up to now - I feel mostly the side effects, such as nausea, physical numbness and irritated and NO effect of increase on attention.


I'm paying attention as to know if I should continue or try something else or live without it as I always did. Very unpleasant !!! Women seem to do great on Aderall
the entire face was treated.  The chin, nasolabial folds and crows feet areas were most sensitive and became red, inflamed & scaley. On the rest of the face only hte keratoses reacted to the treatment
From my personal experience, this drug exerts its effects mainly through a total numbing of one`s emotions. I had become a zombie, not feeling depressed but at the same time not feeling any positive emotions. My emotions had been totally flattened. My libido was gone. I had absolutely no desire for any kind of sexual activity.
After taking this medication for 1 week, I experienced sudden severe joint pain and stiffness, almost like very bad arthritis. I was 30 years old at the time.
I could not notice any side effects.  I did not even gain weight.
Side effects from 20mg per day after one year of use were those listed in over-dose of prilosec side effects; along with other side effects not listed. Anxiety, heart racing, saliva depletion (resulting in excessive cavities), facial bumps (going away after two weeks off), constant extreme thirst, aggitation, saliva gland malfunction/swelling, lack of hair growth.
Limited, some muscle pain when taking the Lipitor every day, and maybe increased forgetfulness with the Xanax.
I did not notice changes in my hair or skin, but I believe that this drug might increase my fatigue somewhat.  I believe this b/c when I went to a higher dose (25 to 50 mg) I needed more rest.





I have gained some weight, but am unsure if this is a side-effect of Imuran or of lifestyle changes due to less physical activity.  (I suspect it is the latter)
none I could see, the infection vanished after 2 days and did not come back. i don't know if there are any side effects by taking the tablet you may wish to look in to it further.
After about eight months started experiencing numbness in hands and arms during the night severe enought that I could not sleep.  After two months of this started having extreme pain and discomfort in upper back and shoulder blades during the day.
My skin became so irritated and red that I stopped using it.  I was using just a small amount and still had trouble with irritation and small, watery itchy bumps appearing, primarily around my nose and mouth.  The prescription strength was probably too high and because it was purchased in Mexico it also may not have been from a trustworthy source.
After three to four day started experiencing diarrhea and abdominal pain.  The abdominal pain increased in severity over several days, starting in lower GI and moving up to include mid and upper abdomen.  The drug was stopped for a few weeks.  Thinking the GI pain may have been caused by a GI "bug", the lisinopril was restarted with the same reaction after two to three days.  Drug discontinued.
None
Mild nausea if you didn't eat within one hour of use, otherwise there were no side effects noted.
I felt NUMB and low energy. It was like living in a cloud. I also gained a lot of weight which in turn made me feel bad and sad for myself all over again.
I noticed that I felt really down around month two of taking in, my mood swings were severe, I felt tired ALL THE TIME. I could also feel the ring during sex and it frequently came out during sex.
It stings a little & you can't wear contacts until its over.
drowsiness in the beginning, but I quickly got used to it.
Funny feeling in throat for about 2 hours after I take it and also my skin is sensitive to hot water for about 12 hours after I take it.
My breakout were more frequent and severe when I first began this treatment. Also the cream itself was a little to heavy, it may work better for those with dry skin. I did not notice increased sun sensitivity or significant dryness. I would have preferred this treatment if it was a gel or a light lotion, and not a heavy cream.
Headaches if missed dosages.
Blistering rash
some mild flakeing,dryness, and debris combing to surface that has been clogged in pores - but that is actually a good thing and a temporary inconvenience
Very very mild and occasional dizziness, usually when used in combination with imitrex.
diminished disposable income
Itchy red urticartia over entire body.  This rash covered every inch of skin, causing swelled face and eyes.  Anti-histimines did not relieve.  Condition self relieved 2 weeks after stopping drug.
I experienced excessive peeling and sensitivity to Triluma.  The area where I applied it was sensitive to light.
I'm not sure if this drug has a drying effect.  I don't think so, but I really don't know how to tell.
No side effects.
no side effects that i can remember.
SEVERE head ache pain that so far has lasted two days...still counting...did I mention nausea? Stomach pain?
Possible side effects, sleeps a lot.
When I first started the drug, I felt nauseated for a few days.  It gradually subsided.  It helped to take the drug with food, although I initially was told to take it 2 hours after eating.  Now I can tolerate it better, but still must take it at about the same time every day or it bothers my stomach and I get nauseated.
none
This was and is a nightmare.  I didn't check into the side effects until I had them.  Never would have taken this.  Day one, felt dizzy, nauseated, red eyes, headache, next 2 days headache was extreme.  Felt weak and sick.  Started getting extreme neck pain, in back of head.  I quit taking after 3 days but the side effects are still with me 2 weeks later.  By day seven woke up covered in a rash, severe neck pain, fever, every joint hurt to move.  Hands were swollen and face was swollen.  Feet swelled.  Went to doctor said I probably had a virus. No it is this crap, once I looked it up on internet.  It is toxic.  Yesterday shortness of breath and chest pain.  Can't sleep at night because of the stabbing pain in my hands and numbness.  Craziest thing I have ever experienced.  Read about others with same side effects.  Also permanent lung fibroids due to just short usage of this others have said. So I am concerned about that.
sedation, difficulty waking up in the morning due to sedation side effects (increased drowsiness), tachycardia.
Unfortunately, the drug seemed to correlate with an increased severity of a pre-existing condition: tinnitus. The tinnitus which was moderate to begin with became severe and ultimately led me to stop taking the medication. The tinnitus, though still present, is markedly less severe and decreased almost immediately after stopping the medication.
The side effects are that your face becomes very red - like a bad sunburn.
I felt like I was hopped up the whole time. My skin would feel crawly and I would be generally jittery and not able to focus. I lost concentration and felt high the whole time. It also made me feel really dehydrated.
I started having intense burning in my esophogus (from my throat to the top of my stomach)
i did not find any side effects.
The side effects are not worth it.  While it gets you to sleep, it makes you incredibly groggy the next day.  I had problems concentrating.  Also, I started sleepwalking with no memory of my actions.  This can be very dangerous.  Also, after taking it for a few days, it would become difficult to stop taking it.  I would rather not get as much sleep rather than take this medication.  I only take it a few times a year now mostly to reset my clock if I've traveled, but would never take it on a regular basis.
Ringing in ears


swelling, itchiness, and soreness in just my fingers and toes


Joint pains


Gas


Nausea


B/c taken by iv I experience soreness of vein and after and while in treatment
I had no side effects. This seems to be a highly effective medication that works at a low dose.
severe leg and arm pain -horrible diarea-very sick chills and fever-dizzy -tired allot of abdominal pain -i really hurt allot
I have had no side effects from this drug.
I had some light hyperpigmentations, and hydroquinone made my hyperpigmentation darker.
I had no side affects. I abslutly felt amazing while taking this pill.
Withdrawal symptoms. Experienced dizziness occasionally from missed dose.
I have found no side effects so far.
Severe fatique, so unable to work.
in the first week i experienced headaces, pulpitations,nausea,insomnia and halusinations,dry mouth and lips along with frequent urination. i almost stopped taking the drug but i gave it a little more time and eventually felt better..most side effects disappeared and i remained with dry mouth lips and sorish throat.drinking alot of water helped.
No seen side effects at this time, although I do worry about the side effects on the liver and long term use with breast cancer increases.
Tired, spaced out, insomnia WEIGHT GAIN
The main side effects was nausea at first but disappeared over time.  Headaches occurred frequently at first and have decreased but I still experience them occationally.  They usually disappear with tyenol.  Other than that the only other issues I experienced was slight symptoms that were not completely taken care of with the medication.
No acute side effects were experienced.
There were no side effects other than if he discontinued the medication he would become ill and end up in the hospital. Acipkex supposedly at the beginning was just a healing drug to be taken for a limited time. The only side effect would be not taking the medicine as prescribed.
Side effects seem to vary. Sometimes I have body aches (almost flu like) for an hour or so. There is also sometimes flushing. I do become fatigued. Within four hours, all side effects (and the migraine!) are gone.
lost interest in sex
Some memory problems and a bit of difficulty sleeping
9 days after first taking Amoxil, full body hives appeared. Never before been allergic to Amoxil, or anything else. Itching was severe and uncontrollable.
some side effects were noted, but not significant. Had issues with a dry cough in the beginning of the therapy, but this decreased as time went on.
there were none
the side effects proved to be an upset stomach, especially when up walking around and bending over. A tendency to sweat easily too
Treatment side effects were overall very minimal.  I had been told to expect a considerable amount or redness and perhaps flakiness.  This never occurred whatsoever and virtually no affects from application itself were noted.  The two items that were noted is that I was initially not aware you could not receive waxing while using Renova and had a burn resulting from an eyebrow wax.  I also did find, as stated, that I would burn much more easily in the sun.
None, the only disadvantage was it started working after 2 weeks of usage.
I have never experienced any side effects.  I take it every morning and it's like taking an asprin...you don't notice any type of change.  If I miss my dose a few days in a row, I notice my behavior changes and I get moody and worry-some, but it takes a few days to experience that.
I am not aware of any side effects from this drug, I did not experience any.
The only noticeable side effect for me is the drop in blood pressure, which for me has been beneficial. I have been told this medication can make you somewhat sleepy or lethargic, but I have not experienced this.
None.
None
Redness the first week.  Then acne got worse.
Nothing bad.
Some vague nausea, which was not a problem with the name brand drug.
Very mild (non-lasting) skin irritation occassionally in combination with other cosmetics (cleanser). Very minor skin flakes occurred a few times (easily removed). Skin tone became slightly more pink (I actually see this as a positive thing).
My skin has white spots on it due to lack of pigment. I have read that Synthroid causes skin pigment loss and wrinkles. I f the dose is too high then i feel nervous and jittery.
Only negative(/side) effects noted are:


Don't take doses too close together - feel dehydrated, headaches, fatigued.


DO NOT neglect meeting w/prescribing physician for writing of next script. Ive had to miss 2+ appts before, and have gone b/t 1-6 days w/o medication.  I HIGHLY SUGGEST TO AVOID THAT.
I am allergic to a great variety of prescription and over the counter drugs. When the patent for Prilosec expired my doctor prescribed Nexium which in a matter of  hours sent me to the emergency room with pancake size hives and disabling swelling of the joints. I went back to Prilosec (over the counter now) and  have been taking this medication faithfully for the past 17 or so years with no side effects or allergic reactions.
decrease in sexual desire, decrease in sexual preformance and responsiveness
some mild stomach discomfort particularly if taken without food or milk
I did not have any bad side effects. The only bad thing I can say about Prestiq is it is expensive about $50 a month even with insurance. There is no generic as of yet.
This pill was great b/c i didn't have any periods and also prevented pregnancy, but that doesn't help you don't have ANY sex drive. I didn't have any sex drive at all... not decreased. none at all. horrible. switching back to Ortho-Tricyclene lo. I'd been on that since 2002.
When you spray it in your nostrils your mouth will have a horrid taste, but does not last long.
None noticed though per the treatment details (see below) it was often difficult to take based on your eating schedule.
Drowsiness and I had trouble sleeping. Also the drowsiness carried over to the next morning so I felt run down all day.
None that I know of as far as I can tell.
Red, extremely dry and flaky skin


Depression
The side affects were almost unbearable but I was determined to get clear skin so went through with it. There are many rules to taking it, such as on an empty stomach, no lying down after taking it, 2 hours before or after antacids, iron or vitamins/minerals. You must take it on an empty stomach so the it absorbs more efficiently and works effectively, But it is painful. I would feel extremely nauseous with a really bad stomach ache. Sometimes when I was in the sun my skin was more sensitive.
no known side effects from the pill
None
none were experienced
none
Dizziness
After taking the drug for more than 2 nights in a row, I had a very difficult time sleeping without the medication on subsequent nights
mild bloating, breast tenderness which did subside.  Basically I did not have any major side effects and the mild ones decreased with usage.
I did not seem to be subjected to any side effect. I was concerned about weight gain, fatigue and uncontrolled hunger but I did not have any of these side effects.
If if take the 100 mg, I get an upset stomach, so I called the doctor & asked him to replace the medication with two 50mg tablets each day, which I've been taking for a week & it works much better.
none, none, none.
the cream caused reddening, thickening and itching at the wound site. some peeling occurred.
Biggest problem is the LONG half-half.  After sleeping for over 10 hours, I spend the next 6 hours after I wake up foggy-headed and VERY lethargic. After this I usually feel good again.
Thankfully there are none.  I am able to function completely both at home and work.  There are 2 ways I take the drug.  If I feel the headache start and I am at work I take a pill and usually I get relief within 15 minutes.  The only drawback is that I may have to take another pill within 12 hours. On the other hand if I am able to take the pill and lay down for 20 minutes then usually I can get up and resume all of my activities.  This is truly my wonder drug that has allowed me to fully participate in life.  I do not know where I would be without it.
I don't think I have any side effects as such but I usually feel a little odd and very tired after a migraine but not sure if that is the after effects of the migraine or a side effect of taking Imigran. Before I was given these by my doctor my migrains lasted for 3 days with severe headache and nausea.
insomnia, I got obsessive complusive and had to stop.  I also think I have a bit


of liver damage of taking meds over 10 years.  I only took dexedrine for a few months.
See above
None.
I have had no side effects.
At 150mg/d side effects were minimal - perhaps a slight boost in energy. In contrast, at 300mg/d - which I could handle for only a short period - I felt "shaky" with restless legs and some insomnia. These problems went away when I reverted to 150mg/d. I feel the treatment was entirely effective at this lower dose, and unmanageably unpleasant at the higher [and recommended!] dose. Perhaps Zyban should revisit their dosing recommendations.
Some dizziness and vertigo.
The main side effects were fatigue and dizziness, which became worse with increasing dose.
I did not experience any side effects from this medication.
vivid dreams, dry mouth
I've experienced no side effects, although there was some mild headache during the first day of use- this could have been due to other reasons.
It made me groggy in the morning. After a few days this side effect seemed to go away.
The main effects have been the chronic fatigue. Although I sleep fantastically each night I wake exhausted and spend the rest of the day feeling like I have a hang over. I have no energy all day and find that I don't want to do anything all day although I do wonder whether that is through no energy or motivation! Feeling so fatigued also makes you so low and depressed so thats no help in the long run.Also my libido completely disappeared especially in the early days although it is not fantastic now.
No side effects
Sometimes the sensation of racing pulse.
No side effects
None noticeable.
While taking Vicoden, I was very dizzy and sleepy. I was unable to drive or function at a normal level.
slight lack of energy, decreased sex drive, irregular menstrual cycle, - I experienced four periods in a span of a month and a half - slight dehydration, and more severe mood swings than usual
Very occassionally a racing feeling if I took the two doses too close together.
There did not seem to be any side effects to the use of the drug
None
There were no side effects that I am aware of.
Increased thirst and decreased libido.
Stomach upset,hunger, which lead to overeating, severe acne breakout of the face.
Scaly patches on the sides of my face that would come and go.
About 1 hour after taking the first dose the side effects started.  There was severe tingling in the sinus cavity increasing pain and immeidate internal swelling of the sinuses.
I had severe constipation and nausea, along with some onfusion, dizziness, and cramping.
severe indigestion/heart burn & increasing hoarseness
I took the drug for two days. very first day i took 0.25 mg (1/4th of 1mg pill. after taking pill i felt like everything became faint.. As if a fog had covered everything before mt eyes. i ignored it but till evening i started feeling as if i was drunk. i could not concentrate on anything. I felt  a bit of tiredness. I dint take the drug for next two days then i took 0.5 mg (1/2th of  1mg pill)on 3rd day and it proved to be the most horrible day of my life. It caused  extreme tiredness and mild pain in body as if i have got mild fever. I was totally exhausted and confused about what was happening. I felt the sensation in my blood vessels as if my blood pressure had risen and difficulty in breathing. I  was not able to think clearly and had no option than resting on my bed. i waited whole day to pass this nightmare.  In night i tried to  meditate to keep my mind peaceful. meditation helped me a bit but i found my rate was not normal . I went to sleep thinking every thing will be alright next day. in bed, I started feeling mild pain in my testicles. i surrendered my self to situation and waited for next morning meanwhile i got a sleep. Next morning i felt better as pain had disappeaed, tiredness was not there but still felt difficult to concentrate. But i could think clearly, I  carried the remaining pills of propecia with me on my waY to office and threw them in dustbin on road. I dont know why it happened but I never happened to me again as i never repeated this mistake of taking this drug.
common breakthrough bleeding and skin more susceptible to scarring
I gained a TON of weight, I've been off of the NuvaRing for over a year now, my period is still very speratic and random and I can't seem to get pregnant.  With my first baby, I got pregnant immediately, within only a month of trying and now, I can't get pregnant.  My periods come along once every 3 to 6 months and are extremely severe, lasting for well over a week and are very heavy.  I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT!!!
i have to say that i didn't really have any major side effects from this drug, ceratinly none that would out weigh the positives.i did experience constipation on a regular basis but i increased my fibre and fruit and vegatable intake to counteract this problem.i also did experience and increase in headaches, but they were very mild.
I had alot of peeling in the begining and redness.
violent sickness and tics
Side effects were random for me most of the times.  I would definitely NOT feel the energy that it was supposed to give me.  Sometimes when I would take it it would have the opposite affect on me and actually make me crash.  On some days it would make me feel foggy and other days I'd feel crisp and clear.  I also broke out with pimples on it.  You have to remind yourself to eat.  Some days I'd also have trouble falling a sleep.
I had severe side effects including night Sweats, breakouts on my back (still lingering 4 months later), and weight gain (approximately 5-10 pounds which took 3 months to lose)
Really none.
NO SIDE EFFECTS
Side effects were mild, but a similar derivative had significant side effects so this patient recommends trying another sulfur-based drug if this once poses problems. Side effects with trimethoprim included very mild sun sensitivity-simply use a sunscreen; occasional yeast infections once or twice per year; upset stomach if taken without food.
While taking augmentin, I had trouble sleeping.  When I did finally fall asleep, I had very vivid, strange dreams.  Also noticed mild vaginal discharge.  Some dizziness, but nothing major.
It made me groggy during the day & made me sleep the sleep of the dead at night (not such a bad side effect).  I also had dry mouth & it sometimes caused mild nausea on an empty stomach.
I had a rash from the 2nd shot but it went away and has not come back.
I tolerated the medication very well.  I didn't experience any illness or side effects from Accolate.  I felt a strong mental negativity towards the drug when it was prescribed based on the literature I read and my Doctor's statement about being treated early.  I think I tried the treatment knowing in my mind that it was not going to work.
None that I am aware of.
Weight gain (25 lbs.), difficulty concentrating, cravings for carbohydrates, lack of interest in sex.
If I got any of the product on my eyelids, it stained them purple.
IN THE BEGINNING WEEK OR SO I DID NOTICE THAT I WAS STAREING ALOT AND I DIDNT GET OVEREXCITED ABOUT ANYTHING, AND MY SLEEP PATTERNS WERE BETTER,AS I HAVE ALWAYS HAD TROUBLE SLEEPING, I WAS VERY CALM. THEN IN TO THE NEXT WEEK, EVERYTHING WAS BACK TO NORMAL AND I FELT NO SIDE EFFECTS.
tired at times & upset stomache
Tetracycline was heavy on the stomach and if you ask me added to yellowing of my teeth but that is a subjective view. Mostly it caused stomach gas and disturbance. I had constant vaginal yeast infections because (I believe) of the imbalance of good bacteria.
did not have any treatment side effects
sometimes dry mouth, and if too much was taken, and sometimes residual drug in body which made one feel logy.
My dosage was so high that at the end of a week I couldn't fit any more up there.  My boyfriend couldn't get his member inside of me, and when he finally did it gave him severe gouges on his shaft.  It caused me to stop eating, and when I did I just threw it up... It caused me to become violent, I even struck my boyfriend a few times during an argument.  I was on my period the entire week, the bleeding just wouldn't stop.  It was horrible.  Not to mention, the pain I felt inside of my vagina was tremendous.  I could hardly sit down by the end of the week.  I do not recommend that anyone believes this.
Initially, but eventually disappearing side effects: drowsiness, severe nausea, inability to achieve orgasm, trembling, lack of affect. When failing to take medication, "brain shocks" like electrical lightning in brain.
when I first started them I had stomach cramp, also insomnia for the first week or so, and also got mood swings! which was strange because they got worse for the first few weeks.
Peeling with Retin A  and none with Retin A Micro .1%
I have not experienced any side effects from this medication.
None at all that I am aware of.
Tazorac can peel the skin severely when used together with other medication.  Still moderate peel when applied once every night.
There were no treatment side effects.
No side effects have been observed during the 10 years of use.  Drowsiness has not been an issue and no reactions to other medications have been experienced.
none
Horrible upset stomach and extremely bitter taste in the mouth.
driness of the skin
The side effects after one year have been a slight decrease in red blood count.  There has also been an onset of shakyness which I believe has been a side effect.
Still difficult to shed weight
No side effects except that I notice my skin is a bit tighter/drier, but this could be because it's winter  and I need a much better day/night  moisturizer.
I experienced no side effects.  Although I had too take some blood tests in order to make sure it wasn't damaging my liver.  It can cause liver damage.
At first I had crazy dreams, whch wasn't so bad.  I did not have any trouble falling asleep.  I had very high energy for the first 2 weeks, then it tapered off back to normal.  I wish the energy had remained.  I did not lose any weight, which I was hoping for...but I did not gain any either, so that was positive.
slight vaginal irritation at the end of a cycle, nothing even moderately serious though.
For me, mild diahrrea.  For my partner, extreme stomach pain after taking the medication with insufficient food and water.  The pain lasted about 6 hours.  He wasn't irreparably doubled over in pain, but he was incapacitated. He was able to take his next and subsequent pills without problem.
moderate constipation
no appetite, lack of mental focus By submitting an online review, you agree that all information contained in your review is original and accurate, and that the submission of such content by you and the posting of such content by DrugLib.com do not and will not violate the rights of any third party. You also agree that all submitted reviews and copyright thereof become the sole property
there were no side effects.
Dry lips & mouth.  Teeth grinding.  Tough time sleeping.  Highly addictive.
big fat face,body ectdepressed mood swings up and down dont want to go out the house gained about a stone only been on it for 4 weeks some and pain swelling back feeling ill and night swets and spots over face and body feeling iritabill and can not think straght could go on
Terrible drowsiness and weakness, I could sleep all day then
I did not have any side effects. But people taking this medication should not take few medications which will increase the side effects of Maxalt. You can find those drugs at http://www.internationaldrugmart.com/maxalt.html
A completely fit and healthy male who exercised 6 days/week who decided to have a prostate procedure to alleviate inflammation.  Placed on Cipro pre and post.  No signs of infection in autopsy.  Upon arrival to hospital 2 weeks post procedure, had extremely elevated enzymes(muscle and cardiac) and died within 3 hours.  Result of biopsy : cardiac arrest due to multi organ failure.
None
tolerance builds up to point where drug looses effectiveness.  higher doses needed to function, but dr declines to increase dosage
I had no side effects from using Lunesta.  I felt refreshed in the morning without that groggy feeling or "hang over" like feeling.
The drug is not physically addicting but can be habit forming for pychological reasons.
mild dizziness, sometimes I would get a headache
you must take the drug at the same time to establish a new sleep pattern.  The doctor never informed me of this and I would take it at different times.
I gained a few pounds.  It may have had a slight effect on my sex drive, but that is hard to tell.
Noticeable word-recall and memory recall problems, insomnia when taken at night, mild flattening of mood/interest at higher doses
As mentioned above, I have not had any side effects from Aromasin other than hot flashes and night sweats.  These may be due to menopause rather than the treatment itself. The hot flashes have been relatively mild and can be controlled, for the most part, by limiting or removing all alcoholic beverages.
Didn't feel it
Mild nausea, dizziness, fuzzy thinking. Very weird feeling
The yeast infection occurred after taking oral antibiotics.  After I took the first dose of Diflucan, I developed an itchy, raised, red, rough rash on both sides of my face and the yeast infection only moderately improved.  I took a second dose a week later and the same problem occurred.  After that incident I discontinued use.  The Diflucan never did resolve the yeast problem and for months after I continued to suffer from skin rashes that may or may not have been related.  Eventually the yeast problem went away by taking probiotics and an herbal Usnea tincture.
I felt much less alert -- not tired or sleepy, exactly, but sort of like inebriated, but without the buzz.
Has made me gain weight and became more easily fatigued (all SSRI can disrupt REM sleep phases, resulting in less satisfying rest). During the last few years, when I have been stable and very happy, I have tried several times to cease the medication, including under the support of a naturopath. This medication is very hard to get off without significant side effects (including vertigo and nausea), however, as my medicxal professional has stated, some people just need to stay on them for a longer time.
weight gain, sexual disfunction.
sometimes dry mouth but usually not to severe
no side effects
At first I got painful headaches but that subsided after continued use. I do still have horrible constipation and  I have sexual dsyfuntion.
The side effects were terrible.


Hiper, trouble sleeping, shaking, depression severe depression.


Depression that I have never had before.
Sleeplessness seems to be a problem for me but I have been like that most of my life . Vyvanse affects my sleep alot less than adderall xr .
Severely decreased libido, brain fog/mental blankness, muscle weakness, impotence, penile shrinkage.
I did not experience many side effects, even though I was taking many pain medications at a time, I could say very little drowsiness, but compared with other people taking the same medication, I would say I tolerated quite well the medication.
The only side effects I felt was a drained feeling when my blood pressure went down.
Suicidal thoughts, disconnection from friends and family
Loose stools in first week of treatment. Minor stomach upset for first day or two of treatment. All side effects mild and transient.
After 2 years and stopping for several months then starting again, I developed a rash which my psych guessed was the lamictal, although i don't understand why it started suddenly after so long! I convinced him to let me try again, however if I develop another rash I'll be switching to zyprexa.
Constipation and loss of appetite, which were of little consequence, but the NAUSEA was problematic. Pepto-bismol tablets were used to try to control the nausea.
weight gain of 13 pounds -- very distressing.
When I fell behind on the regular application of the ointment, the dermatitis would flare up within 2-3 days.  Unfortunately, the ointment fails to "cure" the problem and only treats the symptoms.
The side affects were that I needed an abnormal amount of sleep.  The higher the dose the more time I slept.  Also my blood pressure went up and I gained a lot of wieght.
Redness and mild to moderate irritation initially. Photosensitivity (use a moisturizer with a high spf sunscreen). Seasonal changes can increase dryness.
Absolutely none.  This medication is so much better than taking antacid tablets day after day and meal after meal.
May have contributed to my insomnia.
Terrible Terrible.   I already suffer from constipation, but I took one of these tablets, as prescribed, for two consecutive days.  After two days I knew they were a no-no for me.  My innards came to a complete STOP. I shall throw the remainder of the tablets away.  Four days on my innards are still at a standstill.
There are no noticeable side effects, other than that if I am lapse in taking it, I feel extremely tired.
The cream is very drying, despite putting a moisturizer on after it.  In the winter, I sometimes cannot use it on a daily basis since my skin will peel.  In addition, I have to make sure the cream goes no where near my eye area, since my eyes will tear the next day if the cream gets within 1 inch from my eye.  The cream makes a person more sun sensitive also; however, I always wear a 45 sunscreen.  I cannot use on my neck since I got a rash every time I tried.  The side effects are far less than any of the oral medications my dermatologist tried with me.
When coming off of the drug, my eyes hurt (felt like there was pressure on my eye-balls), had severe dizzy and nauseau.
I have not noticed any side effects. Though I am susceptible to various allergies, I have not had any breakouts or worsening effects. Also, blackheads and acne did not become any worse.
It caused my liver function tests to become elevated.  This was discovered by accident on a routine physical.
tired during the day.  wetting my pants at night.  weakness during day
See above
In the first weeks 2-3 I would have frequent low grade headaches, and a generally tired feeling.  But after I got used to the medication I didn't have any side effects.
Very grouchy! To the point I wanted to argue with people. Just felt on edge, relaxed if I laid around but get up and do something just mean and grouchy! I seem to want to eat more too when I first started it. Not when taken but craved sweets.
patient preformed with better concentration and focus skills. also helped out in after school homework. less trips from the study table, more time spent studying, and less time having to be reminded to get back to work.
Initially took full strenth tabs and I did experience some menstrual bleeding as a result. This did not happen with the hs tabs.





On the other hand, thanks to the increased amount of tetosterone in the full strenght tabs, my interest in sex improved on these. Not so much with the half strength tabs.
I was so out of it from the one pill, mouth hanging open, drooling, to take I had to cut it in half.  I also experienced digestive distress, and overall yucky feeling, not some blissfully pain free state. My arm was shattered..the bone was separated about 1/2 an inch at the upper arm, and a crack ran down a few inches to another break.  It was excruciating, but the 1/2 pill was enough to dull the pain to the point where I could sleep, and make it up to go to the restroom.
I had no noticable side effects. I was warned that there could be possible stomach upset, and if this were to occur then I should take with food.
I have no side effects from taking my asthma medications.  I experienced a lack of enery or just feeling tired when I first started taking the Keppra in the morning.  I do not have that system any longer.
Erectile function seemed to be mildly affected by this drug.  Sexual performance became slightly more challenging once the patient began taking this medication and was noticeably improved when the patient missed a dose.
Slightly increased peachy hairgrowth on face. During first week of treatment I experienced a minor headache after application.
Within 2 months I noticed my eyes felt strained all the time so I continually have to refocus.  I get tremors in my hands every couple days and can't stop them from shaking.  The worst - and the reason I'm choosing to change medications is the excessive sweating.  I use clinical strength deodorant 3x's per day but I can't go through the summer being self conscious of how I smell.  I constantly check my arm pits for sweat marks.
palpitations at times, slight dizziness but decreasing each day
none.
more sensitive skin when getting facials and wax treatement.  The skin became very thin and from now on I have to do eyebrow threading instead of wax.  Also, you have to be very careful in the sun.  I use sunscreen so I haven't had any issues with too much sun.
extreme hunger. weight gain. severe emotional side effects that not only affected my life negatively but made me want to end it. i experienced severe depression, anxiety, anger  and rage. i lacked any sex drive whatsoever. constant fighting and feelings of guilt, remorse and worthlessness. ruined relationships tremendously and i couldnt do anything to stop my behavoir except stop taking the birth control. it was the worst thing i have ever experienced in my entire life. my life is not that bad-i had no reason to feel the ways i did during use of this birth control. i literally thought i was going crazy..and i still feel terrible til this day about the ruined relationships.
none
I am not aware of any side effects.
Very infrequent mild headaches
have not noticed any side effects  the only effects I notice are positive. Has not effected my sex drive and satisfaction that other anti depressants have in the past. Don't have problems with a dry mouth like other anti depressants have in the past. I don't have problems with going to sleep like I did with other anti depressants.
Strong depression and crying, very angry and aggressive, loss of hair, dizziness. Cant feel happiness.
slight tiredness, reduced sex drive, slight dehydration
none that i know. well ask about. or re-read. Even if i feel a little spacey, it's not so much that i can't function. It actually may be the combination of the bupropion.
I have experienced no side effects with Imitrex.
No major side effects I could tell except a constant mild headache that did not really bother much.
grogginess in the AM, definitely.  Have to take some kind of caffeine pill to get going otherwise, I am a zombie.  I have a job where I have to be 100% focused all day, and it's difficult getting out of the morning fog sometimes.
dry peeling skin
None
Mild nausea for the first couple of weeks within 20 minutes of injection. Faintness and cramps if food is not consumed within 60 minutes of injection. Overeating will tend to produce sluggishness due to the corresponding large insulin release.
I had gas after about 6 hours of taking it
Sometimes heavy breathing, palpitations, feeling of a rush of heat in the body.
Boyfriend not happy
I am a little more tired during the day. i know one of the side effects is fatigue.But it does not interfere with my everyday life
Very rarely, will have very mild visual hallucination if I am awoken within the first 45 min to one hour of falling asleep.
Lower doses can lead to a slight increase in PMS symptoms such as cramping, but these can be combated with mild pain relievers. Sometimes can be felt during intercourse.
Several side effects when initially starting treatment:  Indigestion, loss of appetite, increased anxiety, inability to orgasm, loss of desire, and insomnia. Insomnia has decreased after 4 months of treatment though patient still finds it difficult not to wake periodically during the night.  Physical sexual function has improved, though desire has not returned to it's normal level. All other side effects have passed.
There were many!  Enough that I stopped taking the Diovan and went back to the higher dose of Verapamil...  I am over 50 and menopausal so weight gain is an issue anyway.  Diovan causes substantial increase in hunger.  Substantial.  Not just an urge to eat but hungry to the point of discomfort.  I tried eating carrots and celery, drinking lots of water and milk, but still I gained weight.  I also lost virtually ALL of my sex drive.
Condiderable nausea, bad dreams & increased sensitivity to the sun.
None
I had a slight headache on a couple occasions, not 100% sure it's from the medication.
Vomiting, abdominal pain, sweating profusely, bloating, nausea, fever, severe diarrhea. I was so concerned about the effects--they came at night--that I contemplated taking myself to an emergency room.
There are no noticeable side effects, although I wake up a bit more groggy.  However, there is no hangover effect.
Major mood swings, dry mouth, insomnia, facial twitching and jitters. The first time I took it I had thoughts of suicide that I had never experienced before but I was taking more than prescribed...not recomended.
No side effects at all, other than returning me to an apparently more normal state of health.
Weight gain, skin rashes and mild headache.
i was scared to death to take this medication after i read what other people wrote about this drug... however.. for me it was not that bad... the first 2 doses I had some headaches/dizziness... I think I was just getting used to the drug... it is pretty strong... no stomach issues until day 5 out of 7... a bit of abdominal pain..but nothing major... id rather get rid of the itchy staph infection and suffer with the minor side effects.
it seemed to effect my eating habits there was a loss of appretite. I felt to relaxed to eat and would just want to sleep
some bearable feeling of heat/burning
severe diarrhea with blood/mucus caused by c difficile infection that led to colitis. Seven months later I have IBS now and still suffer from problems caused by the medication.
none-my frustration, lost money (the generic is $99/bottle)
Loss of appetite, drowsiness, sleepiness.
irregular heartbeat, low pulse rate...heart flutter...
none
I did not experience any side effects. I am aware of the ricks involved and cont. with freq. check ups.
There were no side effects.
Sometimes a mild dizzyness. Side effects was not bad for me
none noted
At first nausea, decreased appetite, dizziness, lightheadedness, and a sort of "high" or "stoned" feeling.  These disappeared after several weeks.  Libido also slightly decreased, though not as bad as with other anitdepressants.
I experienced absolutely no adverse side effects. None whatsoever. No side effects at all. It does not take me 50 words to explain there were no side effects, but there were no side effects.
body went into shock - rash all over my entire body, worst stomach I've experienced in my entire life. Had to be carried into the emergency room via ambulance until it cleared enough to return home.


It's one day later and I still have the rash and am exhausted. Stay away.
I had headaches and nausea
Had a severe reaction when mixing with hydocodiene. Dizziness, fatigue and difficulty focusing.
stomach discomfort if taken on an empty stomach





Differin - drying and mild irritation
After two months, leg pain and weakness throughout body.  I was an avid camper and hiker, and I lost a considerable amount of endurance and strength in my whole body.  Leg pain woke me up several times during the night.  The leg pain was not like cramping, but more like general dull aching, only sometimes severe.  By the third month I could not lie on my side (one side was worse than the other), because the pain was so intense.  I felt it resonating from my hip joint and going down my legs. When I awoke in the morning, my usual sprint to the bathroom was replaced by tiny hobbling steps; I was extremely weak in the morning.
none
I noticed, after only a couple of weeks that my anxiety and depression had to an almost unbearable level, I looked at the tablets side effects and realised that they must be the contributing factor as my condition had remained stable for a few years, before i started taking them.  the side effects still remain, months after stopping the medication.
No side effects.
My side effects were at times to many to know which ones were and are creating the most distress. I don't sleep a regular sleep, moody, depressed at times,unable to make clear decisions, dowse, memory terrible, tremor's, suppressed appetite,dry mouth, swollen legs and face, I have fevers so high I wake up saturated then in an instant all my extremities can become so cold. I feel irregular heart beat. Many times felt the rage and didn't even know where it came from let alone what my potentials were, I felt as though I was going insane, suicidal thoughts at times for two reasons. I was out of control on the meds and I felt as though my children would be better off without me. I don't handles stressful situations well.
when applied more than once daily i experience sneezing and running nose...
Skin becomes more sensitive to sun - be sure to use sun block.


Bitter tasting - if someone kisses your face they can taste it.
none
dry skin,redness of skin, very sensitive skin.
Hair loss! More Acne!
My skin peeled greatly, praticularly around my lips and ears. I did use lotion in large amounts to combat this so it wasn't too much of a problem. I also had to stay out of the sun to avoid serious burning during the use of the drug.
Possibly minor sexual side effects: more difficult to reach organism.
Severe depression, crankiness, fatigue, hunger/cravings,  water retention, weight gain - 3 lbs in one week!!!  I am very active, work out - resistance training and cardio.  The hunger and the weight gain and water retention did NOT work with my lifestyle.
none so far
No energy, increase in anxiety and depression
I have had no side effect at all, and I have been taking Imitrex since it came on the market.
I had gas after about 6 hours of taking it
Unbeleivable mood swings, 360 degree different in mood. Made me extremely irratable and angry all the time. Little things would make me exploid in anger, made my mood very negative.  This is very abnormal, I'm usually very happy and positive but people around me began to notice how negatively this affected my day to day outlook.
Excessively dry skin and irritation
I have had none of the reported side effects from the product.   Bowels move at regualar intervals and with regular formed stool.   There has been no swelling or any other symptoms associated with steroid use.  The only down side is the medication must be taken daily.  Miss a day or two and the bowel will become bloated and distended.  Other then that and the price no issue with medication
Some constipation, little to no sex drive
No side effects were noted.
Dry skin, intolerance to alcohol, frequent urination.
Though didn't realize it, till two years later, though was mentioned to patient that he'd gained a lot of weight, which he attributed to weight lifting at gym, he gained thirty pounds. Was a slim, 6 foot 2, 160 pounds when began taking the drug.
Reduced libido


Stopped working after several years, even after dosage increases
I haven't seen any side effects yet.
RASH. ALL OVER TORSO. Burning, intense pain for days! Swollen tongue; couldn't eat. Lips puffed up twice their size. My doctor prescribed a 10-day series of steroids. The first night, I had to swallow eight steroid pills. The next morning, I had to wake up and swallow another six. Then another week of lessened doses. I have been removed from all of my drugs. Not fun. WARNING about lamotrigine: there is a slim chance of getting a horrific rash. I thought it was too slim for me, considering I'm very healthy. I was totally wrong.
Hair loss, extreme sensitivity to MSG and glutamate food additives, mood changes, insomnia, and extreme difficulty when attempting to discontinue the drug.
Became dependant on it as suffered severe movement disorder/restless legs coming off it, leading to depression and permant movement disorder long after other problems have settled.  This is now managed with other drugs, but a neurotherapist has indicated that the Tramadol caused a permanent dopamine imbalance in my brain.
The only side effect I experienced with Xanax is sleepiness.  I decreased my dose to 1/4 a pill of a .25mg pill.  I still got sleepy but not as bad.
My dermatologist prescribed metrogel for rosacea. I experienced mild stinging from the metrogel. This is a very mild side effect and would not deter me from using this medication.  The results far outweighed the mild side effect.
I have not experienced any side effects from Inderal. At one time I was given a medication for another problem which had hypotension as a side effect. That drug and the blood pressure lowering effect of inderal caused a syncopal episode.
Terrible bruising.  If I bump my fingers, the joints will swell.
Cranky, horrible diaper rash immediately following 2nd day of medicine, she couldn't sleep, they diaper rash and diarrhea came on very quickly and the diaper rash hurt her so bad it made her catch her breath if she moved a certain way. I have never seen such a bad diaper rash on either of my babies. I took her in on the 3rd day of treatment and had the medication changed and both of her rashes went away in two days. The rash on her body looked like round welts and they were very itchy. They spread very fast starting as a ring around her whole waist, around her chest and behind her ears. It was blistered.  It also looked like round mosquito bites the size of a dime on her arms and legs. They also lost their appetite.
For me, very mild. Mild stomach upset that went away quickly, especially if I ate something when taking the medication.
Caused nausea and stomach pain. The nausea would alleviate a couple of hours before the next dose was due, and start within an hour of the dose. It did not cause actual vomitting, but there were a few occasions on which I felt so nauseous I was convinced I would be sick at any moment.
none
THE SURGERY MEANT I HAD NO MORE PAIN. AND IN FACT THE TABLETS ARE THE VERY OLD STYLE SULFASALZINE. THEY ARE NOT THE ENTERIC COATED ONES.I DO NOT NOTICE ANY SIDE EFFECTS APART FROM OCCASIONAL YELLOW STAINS. i AM CAREFUL NOT TO DRINK TOO MUCH AS THIS SEEMS TO BE A PROBLEM. ALSO IF MY LIVER HAS TO WORK HARD BECAUSE OF THE TABLETS, THEN THE LEAST I CAN DO IS NOT OVERSTRAIN IT. OTHERWISE THERE ARE NO SIDE EFFECTS AS FAR AS I CAN TELL. NEED LIVER FUNCTION BLOOD TESTS DONE


 REGULARLY IE ABOUT EVERY THREE MONTHS OR WHEN I REMEMBER. THEY HAVE ALL BEEN CLEAR TO DATE.
On the first occasion I took this drug, I experienced mild tingling and redness of my hands and feet and face. I became somewhat week and faint like . I did not, at the time tie these reactions to the medecation. When I took it on a seperate occasion I experienced extreme tingling, redness and diarea and had to be transported to the hospital where they treated me for toxic shock.  passed out
none
a severe stroke on the 4th day- hemorrhage in the brain= this was an extremely active and fit person
Not many - some mild bloating about a week before period, some moodiness.  I don't think this prescription is the best for any type of PMS symptoms, but since I don't really suffer from this, it was not a problem for me.
There were no side effects other than slight drowsiness with the first few doses.  After first few doses I didn't notice the drowsiness anymore.
none -- no weight loss unfortunately
On the plus side, I experienced no major side effects.  The possible effects can range from nausea to sexual dysfunction, but none were a problem.  However, it is possible to feel a sort of withdrawal.
decreased libido, dryness, breast tenderness,
red skin, dry skin
It seems that it sometimes takes an extra moment or two to finish urinating to avoid dripping. Side effect is not noticable if the drug is taken before bed.
Increased heart rate. Headaches, feeling very out of it. affected my memory.I also had VERY bad nightmares. Upset my stomach after taking it for a month.
redness, dryness


cortisone-withdrawal rash


hyperpigmentation recurred quickly after discontinuation, seemed even worse
A bit tired feeling...sort of lathargic or weak feeling.


Here is the bad for me. Since taking imitrex, the frequency of migraines have increased. I got rebound from this drug everytime I use it. It'ts totally ridiculous to find a drug that gets rid of the pain but I cannot use it anymore due to it's effect on frequency. I've tried all the other triptans and only imitrex has worked for me but I can no longer take it.
The initital injection was very painful. I had a very bad headache for about two days after the treatment. Also after about a year of the treatments i started noticing lines on the sides of my forehead, which my doctor said was unrelated to the botox, but i know someone else who got them as well.
mild initial discomfort in the neck
Sleeping was impossible for the first few weeks, but faded in time.
I had no side effects with this drug!  I loved it.
I did have one side effects that was annoying: restless legs. It made me a little drowsy.
constipation and dry mouth
see above, terrible nightmares, hyperventilation upon waking from the nightmares
None
I had absolutely no side effects from the HRT.  I feel wonderful.  I would like to use HRT forever.
The only side effect from the Climara is mild itching after removing the patch. Another side effect is actually produced by the progesterone I have to take to balance the estrogen, and that is an aggravation of my IBS - abdominal pain, gas, bloating. So I take the progesterone only 7 days/month now and the side effects are minimal.
Slight bruising,could affect facial expression if overused creating a "frozen" expressionless upper face.
Sexual side effects included inability to achieve a full erection (when summoned) and inability to orgasm/ejaculate.





Softening of the stool- this problem lessened when I switched from tablets to capsules.





Memory problems and difficulty speaking.
Major hip joint stiffness. fingernails thinned & developed longitudinal ridges, thinned hair & thinned eyelashes, dry skin, loss of naturally curly hair
Full dose made me extremely nasious so am only taking 1 mg at night.  Also, constipation.
mood swings; not enough estrogen
I did need to take more as time went on, and I experienced augmentation of the restless leg syndrome.  The symtpoms would begin earlier in the evening and I would try to take the medication sooner, because if I did not take it before the symptoms set in, it was much less effective and would take longer to work.  That was really the only unfortunate effect of the medication.
none really, but I have noticed an increase in tiredness
the most annoying were the night sweats other than that nothing really that i noticed.
Nervous the first day.  No side effects since then.
Dosages beyond .5 mg. could sometimes cause drowsiness. Not a problem at night, but had to be careful taking medication when working or driving.
Bruising
pt became very agitated. started screaming. couldn't sit still. pt was speaking and not making sense. pt had altered mental status for about 5min. blood pressure and heart rate increased.
The Skelaxin would (at times) make me sleepy.  And it would relax my stomach muscles, allowing stomach acid to creep up into my throat and cause a burning sensation. The AcipHex would keep the stomach acid under control.
When i topical about 6 weeks.my skin is drier.not oily.When I topical 12 weeks.my skin is some irritaion angle of the nose and mouth.some acne had occure.Pre auricular area is itching and redness.Some folliculitis at bread area.Dry skin in neck.when expose sun light.skin is darker before.
I didn't notice any side effects except that it seemed to mess with weight loss.  Going off the medication for the periods indicated by my dr seemed to help.
I have noticed that if I do not give myself at least eight hours of sleep time this medicaiton will cause me to be very groggy in the morning.  I will have a difficult time awakening and getting myself moving.  Others tell me I look like a zombie!  So I know it's important to take the Rx w/in 15 minutes of lying awake in bed & not let too much time go by before I lose the 8 hours of sleeptime.
Didn't have any side effects
It makes me less tolerant of heat, sun. I have a problem with this anyway, and when the dose was increased from 800 mg/d to 1200 mg/d, I came near to heat stroke when outside.
Patient reported feeling "jittery" initially.  After acclamation to medication patient reported that the "jittery" feeling he had initially reported had dissipated.  No other treatment side effects were noted, or reported for this patient
Skin redness, flaking, photosensitivity, and irritation.
Because it specifically treats the stomach there were no side effects to any other part of my body.
insomnia and a bit of nausea for the first week or two only.


but this had been explained to me and was quiote manageable.
At first I felt increased nervousness and anxiety.  After about ten days, it lifted my mood and began to take away my appetite.  Then the nervousness went away.  It is harder for me to fall asleep and to sleep as deeply as before, but some of this happens when ever I loose weight.
I did not notice any side effects while taking the medication.
no side effects have been noticed
They were no side effects that I felt.
first twitching of eyes went into body tremors than to seizures
I was very sleepy at first and would sleep up to 14 hours per day. I was also recovering from mono at the time, which may have contributed to my drowsiness. I felt a bit dazed at first as well.
Mild sexual dysfunction;  nothing else.
I have noticed my sex drive is somewhat reduced; I am perhaps slightly more tired in the afternoons than I was before taking the Lisinopril.
None
none
Behavioral changes including extreme irritability and aggressiveness. While these changes started while taking Omnicef, they continued for months afterward. My daughter also developed food sensitivities. From careful observation, I surmise that this drug caused severe inflammation in her gut that we are treating with probiotics.
I did not notice any side effects. However, unless I positioned the inhaler very carefully, some of the medication ended up in my mouth rather than being inhaled.
Drowsiness was an issue, but this did improve the sleep time which reduced stress and allowed blood pressure to lower.  I do not like to take medicine, but I can see how easy it is to rely on these to feel relaxed and numb!  It is frightening when I hear about people taking these every night and not think about treating underlying cause of muscle tension.
Skin sensitivity can increase if you use too much of the product. When it says apply a thin layer, it means a very small amount - it goes a long way! For me this  was the only real side effect.
Unfortunately, I became woozy and suffered dizziness after taking the medication, often requiring that I lie down and or take a nap. After an initial period of a few hours, these symptoms subsided. Side effects were sporadic and I tried initially to continue the medication due to its effectiveness.
Teeth Clenching for the first week. Scalp picking and chewing the inside of my cheeks. Very depressed. A little jittery.
At first I had trouble sleeping until my body adjusted to the medication.


I have more vivid dreams. Also has caused me to talk in my sleep and sometimes physically act out the dream while asleep. One night I was dreaming I was swimming and woke me and my boyfriend up because I was kicking my legs as if I were swimming. If I miss a dose and go to sleep it causes night sweats. If I miss a dose before bed I wake up with my clothes and hair soaked in sweat.
Anxiety - Seemed to make me nervous and to make me irritable at times. It did not, however, decrease my appetite which is does for many people who take it.
DRY SKIN  wrinkles  decreased appetite  takes the body a long time to adapt to such a radical change to the heart and lungs
I did not experience any symptoms.
I developed a prominent indentation on my face at one injection site.  This was caused by lipothrophy, or a shrinkage of the fat cells beneath my skin.  This usually resolves within 2-4 weeks.  Sometimes it never goes away completely.  I have also been unusually irritable and anxious.
none that I could identify
Hair loss.  Weight loss, which is nice at first but changes to malnourishment after a few years.  Relationships changed because I was no longer able to be manipulated.
Flushing with skin burning was the main side effect of taking 1000 mg of Niapsan per day.  The cardiologist suggested taking a baby aspirin one halp hour before taking the Niaspan.  This does eliminate most of the flushing side effects and skin burning.  I highly recommend everyone with a family history of heart problems to get a blood test for lpa.
Mild nausea at first, gradually disappearing after about a month of treatment.
I experience an increase in headache severity after taking the medication as well as nausea and light sensitivity. But I only have to take 1 pill, tolerate the increase in symptoms for about 1/2 hour and my headache is gone. And, I don't have the headache hangover I used to have with other medications.
none
I was VERY tired.  Felt like I was drunk almost.  Could not take twice a day as prescribed because it made me so drowsy.
Some headaches at the beginning of the treatment.  Some breast tenderness initially.
visual disturbances, weight gain, insomnia, anxiety, hyperglycemia, headaches, mild hallucinations, water retention, difficulty concentrating, memory lapses, erratic behaviour. these side effects lasted for several weeks after I stopped taking the medication, and my vision did not return to normal for almost a month.  my doctor said it was an anti-cholinergic reaction.
It was really difficult to quite taking Effexor.  I had all kinds of panic attacks and severe depression when trying to quite.  I must have tried to quite a dozen times.  I think this is a dangerous drug.
Seemed to be a very mild mood elevator, but that could just have been due to having my mood improved from not being in pain. For the first couple days of taking it I suffered moderate insomnia/waking up during the night. This went away over the course of treatment.
Itching, peeling, irritated skin. Appearance of pimples on the shoulder and back of the neck if I apply Retin A on that area.
Irritated skin, dry skin. When I first started using this product, they gave me a weaker strength and I gradually was given stronger formulas as my skin got used to it.  The only problem was that if I used a little too much, even later as my skin was used to the formula, I would wake up with red skin that looked like a sunburn.  I eventually moved to using topical ascorbic acid instead of Retin-A, which works well and doesn't cause the skin irritation.
I have trouble waking and getting up in the morning.  My lips are very dry and nothing seems to help.  My mouth is also dry first thing in the morning, but improves as the day progresses.  I yawn excessively.  I don't have as much energy, I have to force myself to take an evening walk.
Had leg cramps, dizzyness, muscle weakness, tiredness - progressive over two months of taking Symbicort.





The patient died two months after commencing Symbicort.   Discussion after death led to physician suggesting this was the cause of a massive MI and death.  He was going to report this to the manufacturers.
Wondering if changing generic could cause all of the swelling?
Occasional daytime drowsiness, muscle and joint pain seemed more intense while on alprazolam.
I felt nauseous occasionally while on this drug, and I also had some issues with occasional tiredness. I had no allergic reactions.  No other significant side effects.
I soon started having blurred vision, then extreme dry eyes.  I know it sounds strange, but I couldn't focus at work or concentrate.  The worst of all, I started having strange pain in my knees and hips that, I had not felt before.  It was not my ususal pain.  I had foot cramps, couldn't sleep real well. I had extreme hot flashes each day, however, those were tolerable. I am only praying that this will all go away.  I really did want to try this, if it helps build bone, but iw wasn't worth it, to me.
weight gain is the worst side effect, but a small price to pay for sanity.
made me very tierd even after 12 hours.  It was very hard to wake up even after having drak 12 ounces of coffee.  Throughout the day my mind had an empty feeling that made it hard to jump start my responsiblties.  I find it hard to get into physical activity such as going to the gym becuase I am tiered througout the day.
I got a whole lot of bumps on my face from using heavy amount of retin-a on my face. You only need to use a little to get the job done. It's very strong and needs to be put on very lightly on the bumps. Excessive retin-a will cause you to look worse!
Severe Nausea, occasional vomiting, feeling very tired and lethargic.
The side effect that I noticed was EXTENSIVE bruising wherever the skin is struck or bumped into something.
Severe Itching, Insomnia, Nausea, Vomiting. The Nausea and Vomiting would often last through the next day.
I first noticed that I had trouble memorizing things.  It was the trouble with equilibrium and balance that motivated me to get off of it.  I got to the point where I was a little unsteady walking with flats.  I also had morning grogginess, which would gradually get better by lunch time.
Some days are better than others.Muscle aches, basically all the flu virus symtoms, plus afeww more.
I had very bads nightmares for about two nights. The nightmare wre of me hurting my family. I could see myself killing my family it seemed so very real to me I have never experienced any thing like that before in my life. I told my husband to stay up and please watch me to make sure do not do any thing.So I did not take them any more
none
It did make me mildly nauseous for the first day that I was on it. After that, all good.  It made my hands very shaky for awhile, but that seems to have subsided for the most part, particularly since I cut my caffeine intake.  Given that it's an amphetamine derivative, it make since that adding another stimulant might lead to side effects.   





My only complaint is that it makes my ears ring.  All the time.  It is generally easy to ignore during the day, but I have found that I need a fan and a white noise machine set to a high pitch sound (like crickets) in order to be able to ignore it enough to sleep.
A severe rash and I also had some swelling of my eye area.
Luckily I did not notice many side effects. I only experienced occasional flaky skin and a very slight stinging sensation.
I didn't have any.
Basically no side effects that I have noticed.  Possibly slightly decreased sex drive but nothing compared to other depression medications I have taken.  Does not cause weight gain, and may actually cause minimal weight loss.  Supposedly may act as stimulant so recommended to take in the a.m.  I have noticed maybe slight stimulant effect.
The side effects were dryness in some areas and peeling, even when not using it, a few days later i would peel. But just flaky, not terrible and no redness.
some people get prolonged stinging for 5 to 10 minutes and occasionally increased redness and lid swelling
Constant heavy bleeding that was not controlled on lower dose of progestins.  When the progestins were increased, the bleeding tapered off but insomnia became a major issue.  Some increased fluid retention in the hands and feet. Breast tenderness.
I felt no palpable side effects. I also was very cautious to take no more than what I needed, not only because it can be habit forming but because it can cause constipation which was the last thing I wanted!
There were no negative side effects of this treatment
Nausea, depression, suicidal thoughts, vivid dreams
Insomnia, back pain, muscle pain and cramping everywhere especially my legs, joint pain in knees ankles fingers, throat swelling, throbbing and sharp pains behind my knees, heavy feeling in my legs like i was dragging them severe anxiety like i kept picturing myself dying and the poisen running threw my veins(yes creepy) and for about five minutes i was lying in bed and my limbs felt too heavy to move like i was paralized.
No noticeable side effects were apparent with this medication.
I haven't had any at all, even if I miss a night which is rare. My mornings are slow, but than again I've never been a "morning person". One cup of tea and I'm good to go.
no side effects evidentent
The sexual side effects ultimately led me stop taking the Zoloft. My husband and I found it very frustrating that I was unable to reach climax where before, I had been multi-orgasmic. Because our sex life is very important to us, this became an area of contention that I found to be unacceptable.  My inability to reach orgasm was demoralizing for my husband feeling he could no longer please me and for me the frustration of it all made sex seem like too much work to bother with. My libido came to a screeching halt. This depressed both of us so I gradually weaned myself off the Zoloft and shortly thereafter, became pregnant with our first child. 





One other thing about taking the Zoloft was that after the elevated mood from the initial breakthrough of depression wore off; I found myself living life somewhere in the middle. In addition to the lows no longer being depressingly low, the highs were not as uplifting as before. I was, in essence, comfortably numb.





Other side effects were dry mouth, nausea, weight gain, and increased irritability. , although the later could have been due to the stress of our temporary living conditions.
the side effect for me was weight gain and depression.
I experienced extreme fatigue, anxiety, depression, gynecomastia, apathy, anorgasma, penile fibrosis, penile numbness, loss of nighttime erections and endless hormonal imbalances.	





I took this drug for 1 year and 4 months. The anxiety and depression affected me almost immediately although I was completely clueless as to the cause. I cycled through every single anti-depressant and ADHD medication trying to solve this problem. It wasn't until I stopped the medication that I realized it was the Propecia. THESE SIDE EFFECTS HAVE NOT SUBSIDED AT ALL SEVEN MONTHS LATER! I would not wish this on my worst enemy. This drug has literally destroyed my life. I know that no one wants to lose their hair and look unattractive, but just imagine how attractive you will be if you are one of the unfortunate few of us that gets gynecomastia, penile fibrosis, and inability to ejaculate (I CANNOT EVEN MASTRUBATE TO ORGASM after taking this drug). If you value your life then I strongly suggest you find some other way!
I don't notice any side effects.
slight fatigue and drowsiness but not enough to make me go to sleep.
After hearing there were behavioral side effects, I was concerned that my child might experience the same.  There were no noticeable side effects.
I developed dark under eye circles, itching, redness and a slight headache after each use but I was told that the under eye circles and headaches I experienced were less common side effects.  Once the treatment was stopped all of the side effects disappeared including the dark under eye circles. Also, once the treatment is stopped the eyelashes eventually return to their original state.
I have been fortunate to have only experienced minimal irritation.  Initially, I had tightness, dry feeling on my face, with some peeling or shedding.  This subsequently caused some itching, but, again, no irritation or pain.  I noticed when applied to active blemishes, the blemish seemed to worsen, become redder,and seemed like it wouldn't heal, but I have combated that by adding a good, natural moisturizer into my routine after the application.
It ended my year long depression.
The side effects were mild.  Seemed to be a lot of skin flaking/peeling at first. I find a burning sensation if I am in direct sun so try and avoid that.
spotting, some mild depression, not unlike PMS symptoms when younger.  There was some cramping and some spotting.
Sent me virtually over the edge - extreme anxiety and continually snapping/shouting at everyone. Unable to concentrate, sleeplessness, dizzyness, very dry mouth, continuous clenching of teeth, all my joints painful.
I often would get pounding headaches, in the front of my skull and at the sides, especially as the day wore on.  I also would feel sick to my stomach early in the day, which would be exacerbated by coffee.  I got tremors. Occasionally I'd get migaines.
So tearful that had to stop taking it. Could cry an cry for 2-3 hours which never happened otherwise. Depressed.
There have been no unpleasant side effects of Estradiol that I could ascertain.
Could not sleep - slept for maybe 4 hours a night, but even that was "light" sleep.  Horrible headaches the morning after I took it until I took another one.  Also had to keep my temper in check, had what seemed like mild "roid rage".  I was also nauseated every morning when I woke up (not pregnant and don't drink).
Constant feeling of hunger( feeling of empty stomach even straight after meal), body weight increased,  fluid retention around knees and ankles, very bad depression during first 1-1.5 weeks if taking medication( no withdrawal symptoms though while gradual stopping drug), drug made me sleepy and more tired than usual during the day, crankiness and bad moods in the morning, hard to wake up in the morning
None.  My only complaint is that it loses effectiveness when taken over a period of time.
Vaginal irritation, decreased sexual desire, constant yeast infections
none so far
No real assistance or side efects were noticed.
Appetite seems to fluctuate, usually being low during the middle of the day and more normal by suppertime. Adequate amounts of food that is nutritional seem to be especially helpfull.





Appetite seems to fluctuate, usually being low during the middle of the day and more normal by suppertime. Adequate amounts of food that is nutritional seem to be especially helpfull.
Stomach pain at times. possibly irritated lining. possible ulcer.
For the first week or so, I was slightly hyperactive and had some trouble sleeping.  That problem went away with some adjustment in the time I took the drug as well as with my bodies assimilation of the drug.  I also had a mildly bad taste in my mouth.  That too faded away.
I gained weight, had migraines, and I had mood swings.
Slight weight gain.
there have been no side affects. do not feel any change in moods, etc.
A lowering of ability to achieve an erection -- say 10-15% -- and a lowering of overall libido.
I have headaches, and occasionally migraines, during my menstruation.
Absolute loss of libido, lack of interest in sex. Extreme night sweats. Weird body odor. Ability to sleep for 12+ hours a night.
I was turned down for health insurance once. i now pay an extra 25% premium. dont think its fair, since i have no heart disease or blockage.
occasional constipation which goes away by skipping the medecine for a day
I was desperate to feel better, but after the first pill was swallowed, I felt physically and mentally awful. I had palpitations, nausea, uncontrolable shaking, severe headache and felt strangely detatched from the world (it was as if I was watching the world through a dense fog).
burning and redness, had to stop using-it was therefore not effective for me-either my skin was too fragile or the product was just too strong for someone y age perhaps
Some forgetfulness,, tiredness at onset. Nothing unbearable.
At first some drozyness in the morning when taking 200mg, then after lowering the dose to 100 mg., the side effects seemed to subside. I have not noticed any side effects since then except that if I do not have the drug, I will have an extremely hard time getting asleep.
horrible. My heart was racing. My blood pressure skyrocketed. I felt like I had a lump in my throat. which is associated with a thyroid problem. So, I could only assume my thryroid was going bad.
there are no aparent side effects from the use of this drug
No side effects that I've experienced. Because it is a beta blocker it reduces my heart rated during exercise.
The medication has had few side affects.  When first starting to use of when increasing the dosage I experienced pain in my breast.  Estrogen replacement assists in lubricating the virgina.  One can sometimes become nausated when takin this form of estrogen and is sometimes explosed to yeast infections,  Medication has been linked to breast cancer.
drowsiness dry mouth sleeping more comfortably euphoria light sensitivity reduced hunger irritability dependance on narcotics to feel comfortable after 30 days had to be weaned off drug
Dry nasal passages are the major side effect.  This is no so bad, since I use a nasal moisturizer to help with this side effect.  I do notice that when I take singular at bedtime I experience tingling in my legs, and when I don't take it, there is none...so this may be a possible side effect.  I experience dry lips, but not sure if that is a result of taking singular.
Slight swelling of my breasts.
Dry and thinning skin.
I don't know if many people have had this, or maybe it's just a coincidence that it started at the same time, but i have developed irritable bowel syndrome since using it. Also, I can't ever seem to get it in far enough, it's always slipping down. It is felt TOO much during sex, so i have to remove it everytime. It's painful for us both if left in. I sometimes feel mentally unstable and can't remember if I felt this before.
When I first started it, I noticed a little bit of nervousness, this only lasted a few days, and with continued use, I am no longer having any side effects.  I have never experienced any of the lung infections the package insert speaks of, nor have I ever had sudden asthma symptoms after using the Advair Inhaler.
extreme weight gain and emotional distress.
Nausea, dry mouth, decrease in sexual desire and ability to achieve orgasm.
I had no side effects with this treatment.
THe only side effects I experienced with the medication was usually within an hour of taking it i would get extremely drowsy.  I would sleep for about 30 minutes then wake up.
I developed a dry cough and it seemed to get persistently worse as months went by. I didnt realize the cough could be a side effect from the drug, but as soon as I replaced it with Benicar, the symptons disappeared.
No side effects were experienced while taking it.
Dry mouth (which is great because I now drink a lot of water instead of sodas because the sodas don't quinch my thirst)
Initially - feeling of wooziness, nausea, tiredness.  This wore off after 6-8 weeks.
I am not aware of any most of the time. However, after my surgery they kept me on 40 mg and I began having dizziness and severe general malaise in the mornings after taking it. (See treatment details.)
temporary  jitters, insomnia, mild nausea
None that I have encountered.
delay in the onset of orgasm during sexual activity; a certain degree of loss of inhibition in social situations that occasionally lead to audatious behavior (e.g., what might be called as assertiveness in a previously shy individual, such as speaking my mind when I disagreed with something or someone and sometimes appearing rude or overly opinionated)
Extreme skin dryness and redness.
hungry all the time.  Did gain weight on the medication although it had been thought that it would help lose weight to some extent.  This however did not happen.  Weight gain of 25 pounds over 4 years did occur.
severe nausea, periods of headache, loss of appetite, horrible taste in mouth (it woke me up 4 times at night), loss of taste
aggravated acne, short term memory loss, loss of cognitive abilities
The only side effect i have experienced was apin over my entire body due to weaning off the medication. Nuerontin must be weaned off very carefully with the help of a PCP.
Took the Tylenol with food to protect the gastic lining, with no noticed side effects at all.
stomach upset at times from Augmentin.  Otherwise not really any reaction.
I had severe side effects.  I itched all over, broke out in hives.  I had chest pain and swelling of the lips and eyes.  I had to immediately take benedril to stop the drug reactions.  I felt nausiated for days after the adverse drug reaction.
I have not noticed any side effects; I am aware of the potential side effects and alert to symptoms of same.
Dry mouth, yeast infection
Dryness and flakiness were the two most common side effects that I experienced. In addition, my skin became more sensitive to environmental stresses like wind, cold, and sun.  Consequently my face often appeared flush.
There are times that I would feel nauseous and diarrhea. Another thing that bothered me with this medicine is the smell of the pills, it made me really nauseous and disgusted, I have to plug my nose to take them.
I have to take the drup on an empty stomach.  Very bad side effects if taken with alcohol.  Taken alone, side effects were increased night eating and loss of memory after taking the medication.  If you do not go to sleep immediately you may drive or do things without using good sense.
Vivid dreams, often lasting throughout the night, not necessarily disturbing, as some have reported, but (seemingly) long, deep, and realistic. Perhaps for this reason, I did not awake feeling well-rested while taking the drug. Significant loss of appetite occurred, but sugary foods seemed more appealing. Mood became depressed to the point that suicidal thoughts occurred.
I have not seen any side effects at all with Lavitra
Loss of appetite, anxiety when Vyvanse was wearing off. I have no side effects at present.
Reduced sex drive, erectile disfunction. Constant respiratory infection. Since taking telmisartan i have been constantly with intense colds and respiratory tract infections. Plus my sexual drive has reduced considerably. I am not interested in sex and when I had to have sexual relations i experienced difficulty maintaining an erection.
NO SIDE EFFECTS
rash for monthe. loose skin all over body.I have lost the collegen in my skin and now get a reaction to any antibiotic I take.
None
There were no side effects -- but the expected effects were very intense -- a hot flush that moved from my face to my legs, and itching on my arms, legs, back, and torso.
I had severe stomach cramps and rapid heart beat.  Seemed to make me feel very thirsty and somewhat faint feeling.  Did not feel well at all.  My coughing and infection dramatically subsided, however, the side effects made me feel so badly I quit taking it.
extremely bad stomach burning
The worst side effect was nausea.  When I reached the twice daily dose, I was nauseated most of the day. It was much better when I cut the pills in half and took them several times a day with plenty of liquid and food.  The other side effect is constipation. A low dose of a laxitive is helpful with this.
all emotions dulled, sexual numbness, flatulance, weight gain of 20% over normal weight, fatigue, loss of motivation and a bit scattered thinking.  Does not help sleeping difficulties. Very slow paced withdrawal, over a 3 month period needed to avoid the side effects of withdrawal.  Included effects of quitting are- brain zaps, noise sensitivity, jittery/ jumpy.  With slow withdrawal few side effects ( brain zaps).
The gabapentin, which I was taking long before cymbalta, made me sleepy, but on the day after a night of disrupted sleep, the fatique can be overwhelming.  Also, for the first six months or so, I had a lot of gas and stomach rumblings.  When I first started on cymbalta, I felt very spacey and light-headed but that passed after a couple of weeks.  My internist thinks my blood pressure is up slightly because of the cymbalta
Testicular discomfort at onset with a decrease in semen production. No other noticeable effects worth noting.
I have not noticed any side effects so far.  I have been taking the medicine about one month.  I plan to visit the doctor in eight weeks again at which time I am sure the doctor will check my blood for any changes that may have occurred.  But so far, nothing has been noticed.
There wer few side effects.  I experienced intermittent episodes of dry mouth that interferes when during public speaking, speaking at meetings and in social situations.  This can be resolved with small candies, however, that resulted in tooth decay.  I am currently trying out a gel and mouthwash given to me by my dentist, however, I am not happy about putting these chemicals in my mouth.
Lexapro is quite stimulating, which I consider to be a good thing, but I do consider the feeling of being a little too euphoric a side effect of the drug.
I went from having daily bowel movments to only around three times weekly. I had to increase fluid intake and add fiber supplements.
Nightmares, short sleep time
There is still some degree of bowel disturbance. however, the most concerning side effect (which is common to other (non time release) forms of metformin is impaired B12 and iron absorption. It took some time to identify this problem and I discovered it myself rather than being tested for it.
Major weight gain!!!!
After 5 years of taking this drug, my father has developed short term memory loss which has developed to the point he now has an alzheimer's diagnosis for himself.  He has no other symptoms of AD, just short term memory loss after 5 years on a drug that is only proven 'effective' for 4 months.
Extreme moodiness, Etreme cramps, Extreme depression, No sex drive, tired all the time, head aches, Extreme gas.
No side affects were experienced.  Yogurt intake was increased to aleviate potential of thrush from antibiotic usage.
Mild dizziness, nausea that went away after about 2 weeks.
none apparent,ihaven't noticed any side effects,of course if i were a doctor I might be able to run tests to detect something has changed. but i don't notice any noticeable side effectsi m
have no side effect at all
I have not experienced any side effects.
The only side effect for me is just a muscle pain for just only 3 days.
The side effects as reported are skin redness and sun sensitivity.  I experienced both.  Always use this product with a sun screen or you will burn 10X faster. The product should be used as directed and a little goes a long ways.  I used too much at the beggining (I also left on the product during the day) and my skin got really irritated and peeled.
The level of pain control quickly decreased (with the prescribed amount of medication(10 mg)) resulting in having to steadily increase the dosage for the same amount of pain relief. However the worst side effects were severe constipation(even while taking stool softeners/extra fiber, water, etc), depression, insomnia, weight loss, hair loss, muscle wasting, my skin became completely dehydrated and wrinkled. Became physically and mentally addicted to the medication, when I tried to reduce the dosage /stop taking the medication I experienced severe withdrawal symptoms (fever,chills, nausea, vomiting, severe bone muscle and joint pain) to name a few.
My heart beats faster and i feel its not in a constant rhythm. My mouth is dry and I feel extremely anxious, and because of this, very clumsy.
There were no side effects experienced with this drug
I have what I call a window of opportunity to take Mirapex by 7PM or I will be very "anxious" and highly uncomfortable due to the restless legs jumping and distress. It causes me to go to sleep shortly after taking it, which makes going to a movie theater almost impossible in the evening as I will sleep through most of the movie if I've taken my medicine.
While using the Premarin pills for Hormonal Replacement Therapy I was also taking Progestin so am unsure as to which drug was causing my very painfully tender breasts with increased fibrocystic breast disease noted on my annual momograms. I suspect that these drugs were also contributing to the blood sugar issues and low throid.
Minimal side effects, some nausea- very minimal.
Nauseated once or twice, other than that, nothing.
EXTREME fatique. I was not able to function day to day activities. I spent 14-18 hours a day in bed.  My muscles, joints & bones ached. The depression was not relieved, which probably a result of the side effects. I came off the drug slowly ( with help of physician) and now I feel great. The depression is still a possibility but I will NEVER take an anti-depression drug again.  I choose to have therapy and ask for the support of my family & friends
none
Erections were less frequent and not as firm. Patient seemed to think that his personality was somewhat affected as well, becoming more timid.
none
dryness, this may be due to a lack of sugars, the presence of some other taste that masks sweetness, or an underabundance of simple carbohydrates that can be converted to sugar
Less flexible in my back and worse digestion in last couple of years since I have been taking symbicort.  Also asthma nurse measured me at 5'11" when I thought I was 6'1"!


Am afraid of the long term effects of taking corticosteriods and long term beta blockers.
Basically none, but the doctor warned of possible liver damage, and suggested liver function checked before commencement.
Bystolic..initially mild insomnia and sleepiness during the day...these symptoms alleviated over time


Niaspan..flushing of skin therefore this time-release tablet must be taken at night with a light snack...1/2 cup of applesauce helped to control symptoms
I developed strange lesions on my arms, which were sore and very embarrassing.  I could not wear short-sleeved shirts, because of the mess my arms had become.  Obviously, I showed them to the doctor; he simply shrugged his shoulders and said he didn't have a clue what might be causing the lesions.  When I went off the Premarin, on my own volition, the lesions disappeared to a significant degree.  When I added proteolytic enzymes and hydrochloric acid to my diet, the lesions disappeared completely.  I am now able to use bioidentical hormone replacement therapy with complete success and no side effects whatsoever.
I didn't have any side effects at all.  But it does make me sleepy for a little while in higher doses when it first starts working (YES, I can actually feel when it starts)
the side effects were dizziness and light headaches, and stomach upset also.
I don't believe I experienced any side effects at all and have always been very satisfied with the the medication.  I have only recently begun to look at other kinds of hormone replacement therapy that is all compounded and natural based.
Just the itchy eyelids. Other than that there was occasioanlly a very slight burning.
dry skin, numbness at application site, strong smell, the smell disappears quickly, and I treat the dryness with moisturizer. The numbness goes away or is less noticeable with time.
I was told by my physician friend that the product was completely safe to take and that I should not experience any side effects.  I have to admit that I have not experienced any side effects on this product at this dosage at all.
forgetfulness, shakes, loss of balance, loss of muscle mass
I have already given this information.xxxxxxxx Osteoarthritis 


Osteoarthritis begins with the breakdown of joint cartilage, resulting in pain and stiffness. OA commonly affects the joints of the fingers, knees, hips, and spine. Other joints affected less frequently include the wrists, elbows, shoulders, and ankles. OA can also be caused by work-related repetitive injury and physical trauma.
constipation, tingling on legs and then arms, anxiety, depression , headaches.
No adverse side effects.
I had a little feeling of nausea in the beginning
For the first 6 months profuse se sweating and insomia.
The "side effects" were shorter and lighter periods.
It immediately "woke" you up.  I had a hard time, going straight to sleep at night.  I generally stayed awake about 2 hours later than I normally did.  But in the morning I wasn't overly tired, and as soon as I took the next pill within 30 minutes I had no desire to go back to sleep.  Also sometimes I would have a funny taste in my mouth.
The drug administration usually results in nausea and fatigue. Difficulty concentrating is also obseved
inflamed liver, upset stomach
Decreased libido, insomnia, dry mouth, increased appetite
Soon after starting treatment I developed moderate tinnitus, (ringing in the ears) in both ears but the ringing is more severe in the left ear.


I also have dry mouth and dry throat with a slight cough and minor throat discomfort.
Initially, when the dosage given to me was too high, I became a little jittery.  If the doctor prescribes the right dosage for you, there should be minimal to no side effects at all.
Bad Taste but not as bad a most people say
Some change in voice or slight difference in voice strength
Severe abdominal spasms/pain and diarrhea
First few days (i.e. 2 days before leaving for South Africa) and 7 days whilst on a 18 days holiday.  Severe vomiting and diarrohea.  Bad nightmares.  Decided this was going to spoil my holiday, as I could not eat having extreme nausea.
The patient noticed a grogginess in the morning that subsided after approx 10 minutes.
Mild loss of appetite. Loss of interest in alcoholic beverages.
motrin has caused mild nausea when taken without food and or milk. when taken after meals it did not cause any nausea, i have not noticed any other side effect.
The side effects were mild compared to the pain. Around 30 minutes after taking the pill, I would feel a little tired and sleepy.  However the feeling would not be so severe that I could not work or continue daily tasks.  This side effect would pass in about 1-2 hours.
Fuzziness of thinking/short term memory loss- although this might be due to my fibromyalgia. Sexual disfunction- ie inability to have a full orgasm- and after 2 years of this, thi sis one of the reasons why I am ready to change to Gabapentin- as recommended by my doc. Sleepiness etc goes away after the first few weeks although it took me a good 6 months to properly adapt to this drug
Dry, chapped lips and dry, flaky skin especially after showers. Both were completely treatable with chapstick and good lotion. No serious side effects, and no alarming changes in liver function or triglycerides on blood tests. No depression as well.
The first few weeks of treatment, I felt a little dizzy. After that phase, there were no treatment side effects.
Only lasted for 8 hours max, I was given specific instructions not to use more than once a day, so I still had to rely on over-the-counter pills after the 8 hours were up.  Caused asthma in cold, dry weather and a very, very scratchy throat, as in physically having to scratch at my throat to relieve it.  Worsened a pre-existing eczema condition.
i dont have any other then now i am constipated
Fortunately, none for me. I know this type of drug can cause sexual side effects and weight gain, but I have had no issues here. The only thing I noticed was the very first week I took it I was a bit sleepy/groggy during the day, but this went away once I adjusted.
Though the Crohn's disease in itself makes me tired, and I feel that the addition of the Mercaptopurine has added to my general fatigue.  The fatigue abated somewhat as the dose was lowered (the doctor started at a more aggressive dose).  I also seem to catch every bug that is going around.  By suppressing my immune system I believe the Mercaptopurine makes it easier for seasonal illnesses to set up shop.
Back pain, breathing problems, anxiety/hyperactivity, weight gain, tremors (like partkinsons), heart pounding, sleepiness and crying jags.
none. well sun sensitivity
Major initial side effects, but those improved significantly within a week. Stongly recommend increasing amount slowly and will probably need to wean off this drug. Initial side effects were headache, stomach discomfort, sensitivity to sound, etc. Again hang in there it was worthwhile for my child.
Belly fat.
increased heart rate, jittery, hyperactivity, severe diet change
breakthrough bleeding.  I took seasonique for nine months and had 20 days of breakthrough bleeding every three months.  It didn't matter if I took the pill everyday at the same time or took one later or even skipped one, it was always 20 days of breakthrough bleeding (at the least, 20 days).  The last straw was starting the end of July and still having breakthrough bleeding on my birthday at the end of August.  And to make matters worse, starting my period three days after it finally stopped!
I did not experience any side affects.  I take Amoxicillin because it agrees with me.
Dryness/peeling are the most frequent side effects for me, particularly with over application. Redness is less common and only occurs if I have really over applied the medication.
I would get an upset stomach if I didn't eat at the time I took the medication.
No milk at time of medicine ingestion and very rare stomach upset. Additionally there was probably a slight increase in sun sensitivity but I was using a very powerful sunscreen so this was not a significant problem.
on the first day I experienced symptoms such as shortness of breath. On the second day I expereinced an increased heartrate and other symptoms such chest pains, stomach ache, an intense irritability. In addition, upon stdying this drug and reading the symptoms I am more in fear for my health and my safety.
none
sleepiness
i was severly depressed and had a lot of suicide attempts and i thought everyone hated me. i always wanted to be dead and nobody listened to me, they just upped the dosage and with the higher dosage the worse it got
Ocassionally I would experience very mild flakey skin.  However, given my oily skin it was only noticeable right after I washed my face.
For no apparent reason the dosage needs to be adjusted, up or down from time to time. Fortunately hypertension is not asymptomatic in this patient: have a headache, it's up, raise the dose; feel wiped out, it's down, lower the dose. All this has been confirmed by home, office, and pharmacy readings.
Did not notice any side effects. There are reports of depression as side effects but since I suffer from depression anyway it's hard to tell. Haven had any worsening of depression since starting singulair.
initial upset stomach and felt like a zombie...but it passed within a couple of days with each dose increase.  Crazy dreams.  MD decision to take off of zoloft was due to hair loss.
Excessive thirst and a disgusting taste in my mouth that is getting worse by the day.  I am pretty sure it's accompanied by a foul mouth odour, judging from the reactions I am getting while talking to people.  Even my Cat is smelling my breathe. strange. 





I also have not been able to sleep well at night;  causing me to have a very hard time getting up in the morning and feeling lethargic.
I have had infrequent, but painful, leg cramps in my thighs.
continual belching of "fishy" taste
Slow production(over-concentration?)


Heart palpitations (occasional, esp with caffeine)


Pharmacy information says "may be habit forming" and "not recommended for people with a history of drug abuse." If alcohol and tobacco habits are considered "drug abuse", then smokers and drinkers (incl. coffee) may be more vulnerable to forming a habit.


Loss of appetite
None
At first the dose of 20mg left me a little zombie like.  I'd sit and stare out the window all day.  When the dose was reduced to 10mg. this side effect went away.  I also developed a clenched jaw, which sometimes I snapped and my teeth grinding became much worse.  I also developed ringing in my ears.  I also gained weight, a total of 25 pounds.
The only side effect that I could notice was dryness in my mouth and nostrils. I seemed to be thirsty all of the time. And my nose and sinuses seemed to be really dry.
Personally, I noticed an increase in constipation as a result of taking this medication.  I also saw an increased incidence of heart burn during that period.
I had extreme intestinal bloating and very painful gas for a few hours the evening after I took the drug.  These subsided, but my gut still was a bit upset after eating for the next day, and I didn't have a bowel movement for 48 hours.
None that I am aware of though I am cautioned by my Doctors that the fact that I have been taking this drug for a long time even though my dosage is not the highest, that it may have an adverse effect on my heart.
I experienced heightened levels of sleeplessness while on the medication. In addition, I was constantly concerned about my ability to study and perform while not on the medication. While this is not a physical side effect, it is a very real emotional one that caused me some stress.
A long time ago, 10 years, when I was prescribed lamisil by my doctor, I had dark circles under my eyes and was tired lots of time. When I went back to teh doctor he told me he had to take me off the lamisil because it was harming my liver function. But by that time, the effect of teh medicine was enough for my nails to grow back after that. I think it was a change in climate, moving away from Astoria to a dryer climate of Portland.
HIGHLY IRRITATED AND DRY SKIN
Dizziness, dry mouth, extremely dry skin, highly increased urination, memory problems.
I suffered from daily Headaches and also  slight nausea every once in awhile. I also felt very dried out and thirsty.  It also affected me by lowering my  libido.
peeling; difficulty applying makeup due to the peeling; difficulty keeping the makeup looking acceptable during the day due to peeling; dryness on occasion; sensitivity mainly in the neck region; greater sensitivity to products such as foundation and many sunsceens - particularly those containing Helioplex
With two tablets, the main difference was moderate to severe drowsiness. With either dosage, I experienced vibrant dreams/nightmares and/or an elated/lightheaded feeling while awake. Constipation relieved with extra fiber.
Sleeplessness, easily bruised, diarrhea: the latter condition remained for up to a year or so AFTER I ceased taking Amoxicillin as a antibacterial antidote. I've not been prescribed/taken it for three years and the symptoms ceased. It's my understanding that this high-dosage, antidotal (dental) protocol is longer recommended.
Retin A Micro causes me to peel the second day after I use Retin A Micro in the evening.  Retin A Micro initially causes more noticible fine lines when used around the eyes but I am continuing to use around the eyes for 6 months to see if ultimately it improves this area.
The main treatment side effect began as increased depression and slight shaking in my fingers and hands. Over time the shaking turned into tremors which I could not control. Then I was placed on Wellbutrin with Prozac and finally weined off of Prozac and the tremors subsided.
The drug makes one sweat.It can work as an appetite suppressant if you don't eat before you take it and plan snacks throughout the day;allowing you to be appropriately hungry when it wears off.
I was extremely tired, dizziness, slight headaches, and developed shortness of breath from time to time, aching extremities.
the main side effects for me are sleepiness and moodiness. the sleepiness can be good if you have time to rest for a couple of hours..if not... it can be a little difficult to navigate through the day. the moodiness for me may simply be my depression over having another migraine...i am always hoping my last migraine was my last.
About 2 days after starting the course I began to get muscle pains. I had had these pains before (months ago) but the drug seemed to amplify them. The sites were a) in the groin area b) in the heel area, probably the achilles tendon
I had no side effects but possible side effects are, constipation, headaches, nausea, diahrea, weight gain.
I felt some dizziness and fatigue, but there were no clear side effects that were directly attributable to the drug.
Slight redness for the first couple days. Very small amount of peeling or skin loosening. Which was easy to remove each day.
I have not detected any side effects but the analysis I take every six months show that the amount of white blood except for a very low decrease of white cells and anemia.
I literally feel stupud, I talk in circles and I go to college so it hasen't been easy in my classes when my professors call on me. I can't remember the stupidest things or I don't like to go out with my friends anymore cause I don't like to drink alchol anymore. I also get tingles in my toes, fingers, and sometimes feel like I have a peice of hair underneith my nose when it's just a tingles in my face. I also do not have an appitite anymore which I am excited for because I used to be on elivil which made me gain 35Ibs. Also switching over from elivil to topamax is veryyyyyyyyyyy painfullll i do always have a constant headache and i'm just waiting for that side affect to go away.
Possible weight gain.
Tight feeling of my facial skin. Drier skin than normal requiring more applications of moisturizer.
No detectable side effects. I hope that there are no long-term liver problems due to this drug, and at this time, there are no indications of any problems in this area.
The main side effect was moodiness/mood swings.  I did not notice this so much while taking the medication.  I noticed the moodiness/mood swings more after being off of the medication for an extended period of time.  After being off of the medication I noticed a more stabe, hightened mood.
severe acne for first three years.
Sedation, dizziness, very mild euphoria, intoxicated feeling (slurred speech, ataxia) at higher or repeated doses.  Addiction risk.
Main side effect : vaginal discharge, slight weight gain (water retention I hope)


and heartburn.
My first week with the ring I experienced extreme nausea, upset stomach and a tremendous decrease in appetite.  These symptoms slowly faded as the weeks passed.  Now the only side effects I notice are a less than normal appetite and occasional vaginal irritation, but nothing to painful or bothersome that I feel the need to seek medical treatment.
Drowsiness during the day, drowsiness and disorientation during the night after taking the tablet.
I didn't experience any side effects.  I purposely did not read what the potential side effects might be, as I tend to "develop" whatever I read about.
Side effects were at first loss of appetite, then later, increased appetite.  Also some irritability which we cannot be sure but may be related to the drug.  However, it could be due to the nighttime seizures which are still occurring.
Thinning hair, weight gain.  We don't know if these were due to the methotrexate or other drugs she was on.
After about a couple of months i began to experience severe stomach cramping, bloating, and diareaha.  My body is now completely depended on the drug and my understanding is that the pill is telling my body not to produce acid which in turn works harder to produce more, which makes since when i have tried to go off of it my acid reflux was 20 times worse.  My body has become completely dependent on the drug.
Skin rash over entire body, delirium, incapacitating bone/muscle/joint pain, anaphylactic symptoms
Slight nausea if not taken with food.  No other side effects were noted.
Constant and severe drowiness; irritability to the max, actually wanted to kill someone, anyone; blurred vision; headaches; sinus pressure; walking imbalance; increased appetite; difficulty urinating; zero libido.
I have not experienced any side effects to my knowledge. I feel as if an increase in the dose would maybe last longer as I seem to be waking at least once a night with a hot flash. I take it in the morning so maybe by the time I hit the sheets it is out of my system. I do not miss a day and always take it at the same time each morning.
peeling, dryness, slight irritation. There weren't any serious side effects.  the packaging warns about sun exposure but I stay away from the sun so I did not have a reaction from the sun while using product.
I have to take the pill at night.  If I take the pill in the morning, I notice that I get a headache about 2p.
I have had no side effects at all.
weight gain!
none
I have been fortunate not to have experienced any side effects while taking this medication.
Leg Pain! The first day,i couldnt drive home they were so sore. Insomnia, I am writting this at 5am because im stil not asleep. Very exhaused on the high dose and got the 'buzz', on the lower dose where i bacame very wired and had trouble concentrating. When i first wake up my face, esp eyes, are very puffy but it seems to go down with in an hour. Dry mouth, metallic taste in my mouth. Increased hunger and thirst. Hot flushes. Few irrational mood swings but nothing to serious. Am taking the second course at the moment and the side effects dont seem to be as bad besides the insomnia but am only on day 2 of the course and am home from work with a cold i picked up at the end of the 1st course that i cant seem to get rid of so im guessing i would have the same side effects if i was doing my normal daily work.
I did not experience any side effects.
No noticeable side-effects from the brand name, problems with generic.  Details in next section.
It significantly lowered my sex drive
Initially, very tired in evening but that subsided within a few weeks. After that, I noticed small bumps on my whole scalp where follicles were-if I scratched one, a tiny white hard follicle emerged  and a hair never grew back at the site. Although the thinning was noticeable to me, no one else noticed and the neurologist didn't agree that the medicine caused hair loss. Luckily that side effect subsided within 3-6 months.
impossible to get off of them after a period of time....if you stop after years (I started on them when they first came out) your throat will feel like it is being ripped with a knife and you will eventually take them again (trust me...I stopped opiates cold turkey...but not these)
I was told by my doctor that this drug had "no side effects". I had swelling of my hands and face, lethargy, drugged feeling but when I ran out of it over a weekend and had to go 3 days without it I experienced severe withdrawal symptoms, itching, skin crawling, insomnia, etc so I quit taking it
I had no side effects to this drug.
My gums really dried out and were sore and red, I had to have special treatment from a specialist for gum disease and scaling. He said it was the same as leaving a steak out of the refrigerator for a few days. Before that, my gums were in good shape!
none
None
really moody.
none
itchiness, redness and very dry skin. I Couldnt use any concealers because the skin became too dry and looked worse.
Occassionally, a slight itch at the injection site. The manufacturer also warns about  more susecptibility to infections.
I believe the benefits were to keep my skin soft, prevent sagging and wrinkles
Slight gastric; having many sleepless night; cannot concentrate as well; hands are always shivering;heart beats very fast; feeling breathless;
Tiredness, thinning of the hair, hair loss, stomach ache
nervousness jittery couldnt sleep, moody
Lumigan did make my eyelashes grow. In the outside corner just under the eye small hairs grow where the medication tends to drip during administration.
while I was on it, i never really experienced any side effects. except one time when i accidently took too much and became dizzy and nauseaus. when i went off it i suffered two weeks of migraines due to withdrawal.
Decreased libido (which was temporary)
The only complaint I have is that Corgard tends to lower your blood sugar if you are prone to that anyway.  If I increased my dosages to over 20mg daily, I would have many problems with low blood sugar, even to the point of passing out.  I learned how to deal with it, but wish it was not a side effect.
none that I noticed.
Extreme nausea for first 3 months, migraines during 4th month, contact lense use was disrupted, some weight gain (about 3-5 pounds) after the 3rd month, moodiness, lethargic, increased appetite, breast tenderness and enlargement
I do experience a slight cough.  It isn't a major problem; it only happens maybe a couple times a week and it is sort of like a cough you would use to clear a tickle from your throat.
I have not experienced any side effects like bloating, nausea or anything like that.
none
No side effects.
Unexplained muscle pain or weakness could be a sign of a rare but serious side effect and should be reported to your doctor right away.





VYTORIN may interact with other medicines or certain foods, increasing your risk of getting this serious side effect. So, tell your doctor about any other medications you are taking. Your doctor may do simple blood tests before and during treatment with VYTORIN to check for liver problems.
The visible side effects were dryness on my lips and throat.  So drinking more water is essential and occasionally applied some lip balm.  Other than that nothing that I felt or noticed of.  Other side effects were it may increase blood pressure and damage liver tissues if taking too long without doctor care.
fainting spells, chest pain, low blood pressure, further kidney damage, infections followed up with fungal infections. I now am taking 1000 mg of L-Lysiene (natural food store or grocery store) per day. It's extrememly low cost and it's very effective.
for about 4 days i have minor flow
Dry skin and lips, increased susceptibility to developing blisters on feet if walking long distances without careful attention to socks and shoes.  Stupidly used "Biore" skin strips early in the treatment to speed up removal of the blackheads and pulled all the skin off my nose.
Site reactions: pain, redness, lumps, flush of heat, itchiness
Hyper-focus or obsessive focus at times, sometimes would experience generalized anxiety or generally overstimulated and uncomfortable, which would last for hours
Dry mouth became a problem after years of use. No other side effects were a problem. There was decreased appetite as well, which I consider to be a benefit.
Hastened loss of estrogen which hastened loss of sex drive (after menopause).


Some temporary (fortuantely) arthritic conditions in a finger and thumb.


Hastened osteoporosis.  That is my bone desity decreased severely after 2 1/2 years.
There were no side effects at all.
Flu symptoms, the lesions were horrible but expected. Have taken this before. This time however I got thrush. That was the worst. I was under alot of stress before treatment. Not sure if that had an impact.
rampant hunger at high dose (above 25mg) - but, with discipline (and vanity!) have managed to keep my weight within 4lbs of my prior weight; SLIGHT rounding of face (I'm lucky!); bodily skin thinning, particularly evident on my shins (I use Nivea CoQ10 firming lotion - fab  all over, 2x daily, and am about to start taking Qsilica to see if it'll help); most importantly...slight bone density loss when tested 20 mths ago (next DEXA scan is later this month) but as well as exercising, I take daily organic calcium, magnesium, L-Lysine (amino acid), boron, zinc, 2 gms slow release vit C, marine collagen, plus am trying to eat an alkaline diet to keep body at neutral pH (see SaveOurBones online - I have no affiliation!).
considerable gastrointestinal discomfort
After using the drug for a while I was becoming more and more dependant on it. Therefore I was becomming addicted to this drug as I was depending on it to relieve my pain. I also noticed that while taking this drug I was becoming constipated where in the past that has never been an issue for me.
extreme disorientation.
Upon starting the drug, I felt a mild nausea (a gagging feeling), but only for the first week.





Missing the drug for consecutive days quickly (in ~40 hours) triggered a single withdrawal symptom: brain zaps. Each zap lasted about 0.5 seconds, and seemed to be triggered by "mild sensory overloads", e.g., entering a room with different lighting conditions. The zaps were not painful at all, just confusing and (initially) frightening. Upon resuming the drug, the zaps disappeared as quickly as they had appeared (~20 h).
I have found none besides it took 3 months to fully kick in. This birth control is the best out of the other 3 i have tried.
slightly dry mouth. heavy sleep but good.
fatigue


patient felt tired.  this helped patient to sleep but prevented an increase in dose.
Difficulty with orgasm...took ages.Dry mouth. A vague sense of being out of touch with the world.Difficulty sleeping for first week
Negative- 1)significant increase in breast pain on one side, leading to bloody discharge after only 2 weeks of taking drug 2)'coursing' feeling through veins on same side as breast pain 3)humongous hard pimple formed near nose.
Tiredness... feeling sleepy/lack of energy. debilitating. Have tried various over the counter stuff 2 help.. but to not much avail.
Yes.  All kinds of side effects and several trips to Quest for blood work to find out what was happening to my body. On 10/31/07 these were my readings My AST was 384 instead of 10-35,  My Alt was 655 instead of 6-40,  By 5/1/08 after I stopped taking it for 7 months my readings were AST 37 and ALT 76 a big improvement
I had no side effects.
So far no negative noted
Violent nightmares.  Sleep-walking.  Two of the many examples:  Got up and took a bath with NO recollection.  Another time got up and BAKED COOKIES...made the dough, baked the cookies, cleaned up the kitchen, put the cookies in the jar....with not ONE recollection I did it.
anxiety, anxiety, anxiety
I had to watch my diet for foods that would affect the clotting time of the drug.  I.E. a margarita would thin my blood but guacamole would make it thicker.


Also I had to be careful not to cut myself while shaving since my blood was thinner that normal and would bleed a long time.
I had no appetite which caused me to lose 10 pounds in a month. Also not having an appetite made me not eat enough, so I would get more headaches because I wasn't eating enough. I also felt very depressed on this medication. During the time I was on topamax I slept a lot and didn't eat enough, I didn't feel like I was myself.
agitation, insomnia
Restless leg syndrome may be aggravated if Ambien and elevil are taken at the same time.  I stopped taking elevil for RLS on the nights I took ambien.  Sometimes the RLS was still aggravated even though I did not take elevil.


Short term memory loss.


Binge eating at night.
none
dilated pupils


irritated skin


insomnia


emotional
in the beginning I had symptoms of vertigo which occured when turning my head or standing quickly. The dizziness felt worse each time the medication dose was increased and eventually stopped or was significantly less pronounced. The feelings lasted about 2-6 weeks. Some weight gain.
i did not have any noticeable side effects, however, since my shoulder healed I have been unable to stop the medication without pain and discomfort in my muscles and joints - that was not present prior to taking the medicine. I know the potential side effects and just recently tried natural alternative anti-inflammatories I have stopped all my medicine except the hormones, atacand and the mobic.
Tingling in the back of my head and hands.  Warm, strange feeling when running hands under water.  All last for a short time and are well worth the relief.
I have not noticed anything special as side effects
The only side effect that the patient experienced was drowsiness and that has weakened as time has gone by.  With only taking one pill at noon, the drowsiness is not marked and does not interfere with work or anything else.  The patient takes 2 pills around 8 or 9:00 at night so the drowsiness is not a problem.
Only side effect was in the first couple of days, I would feel light headed at times.  I have dreams I remember now verses not remembering them before the drug.  Any other side effect could be contributed to the other medicines I have to take so I can't say if the mood swings or sleeping habits are due to the Chantix.  Major side effect is the cost.  This drug costs two and half times as much as my smoking habit per month.
None. But reduction of dosage seem to bring about the recurrence of acne.
Massive weight gain, 22kgs (?48pounds) in the first 3months. Massive mood changes, bacame very depressed (weight gain didnt help that one) Was emotional about the smallest things. Anxiety attacks. Angry over small things. Nightmares and sleep walking and talking ? if these are side effect of that drug but there was a definate increase in both (esp sleep talking) when i was on the drug. Increased appitite (the weight didnt come from nowhere) was warned about pos weight gain but was told that if you controlled your eating youd be fine but my hunger was crazy i would eat a main meal and 1/2 hour later be starving like i hadnt eaten all day. I found it really hard to control my intake due to my excessive hunger. I also had heavy spotting the whole time i was on it and for about 5 months after i stopped the injections. I guess it was a very effective birth control as i had become depressed, overweight, had my period the whole time and was more interested in food than sex. Over all was not worth taking it, i actually regret taking it, was devestating for a 18year old at the time to go through.  I also found it very hard to loose the weight during or afterwards, continued to gain weight for 6months after the last injection before any changes occured despite exercise and diet changes.
none
dry nose, slight bleeding of nose. Otherwise, no other symptoms, no drowsiness, no nausea or any other side effects
short psychotic episodes, sleep-walking.
Severe acid stomach and cramping, to the point where I could no longer take the medicine.  I stopped taking Doxycycline for a year and tried topical clindamycin and other potential treatments but none worked.  Therefore, I started on Doxycycline treatment again after a year as it had led to some improvement in my acne.  Within 3 days, I again had severe stomach acidity and cramping and had to stop taking it.
none that i know of at the present time. But i do not know what damage it has done if any to any of my internal organs.
I do, for some unknown reason, still have side effects from the betaseron.  They don't happen every injection, and there is no pattern.  I will have a fever and/or chills, and I hurt all over.  It feels sometimes like even my hair hurts:)   And my injection sites do have a tendency to form large red circles, but they are NOT infections, just a side effect.  And for some reason the injections on my legs hurt the worst.
dry mouth, thirst
Increased heart rate.  After day 9 on Meridia, felt hungry when my body was hungry - constant hunger stopped.
Slight nausea at times
some breakthrough bleeding/spotting at the once a day dosage after fourteen days, very intermittent, did not persist after dose reduced to twice weekly.
I took one late at night hoping to feel sleepy at least, but had one of the worst nights sleep of my life. I encountered sweating,shakes, jaw grinding, and horrible hallucinatory dreams whilst still awake.  My GP told me I had to take them for at least a fortnight to feel any effect so tried again the following night, but the side effects were even worse. The way my jaw and teeth would involuntairily chatter was scary as hell. If I did this every sleepless night for 2 weeks, I'd have ended up insane, so I stopped after after just 2 nights
Very dry skin and hyperactivity
my lips, mouth, and face began going numb and tingling after only first dose. i thought it was all in  my head until i continued the treatment and it kept getting worse. i had muscle spasms all over my body and a weird fluttering in my heart. it is/was horrible.
sort of sleep walk issue.  I was getting up in the middle of the night and eating.  Not realizing this until the next morning when I saw the mess I made in the kitchen
On attempting to withdraw very severe side effects of withdrawal that lasted over one year: personality changes, anxiety, severe sleeplessness. A disaster!
I have noticed no side effects.
It just didn't work and that was the side affects.
There were no side effects from taking this medicine.
groggy sometimes. And I could not really stop, though I was able to play with the amount of the trazodone, lowering it down to 50 mg. whenever ever I could. I did not notice side effects from Lexapro, just perhaps that I became flat overtime--not depressed but no super excited either. So at a certain point, I wanted to get off. I had wonderful dreams on trazodone, but would sometimes go back to sleep in the morning for 1-3 extra hours.
Stratterra surpresses my appetite and makes me feel quite dependent on the drug to function. If I take with my multivitamin, I often feel nauseous.
These were severe and included extreme and continuous nausea, feeling generally shitty (technical term employed by patient), no libido and inability to maintain erection during sex, orgasms that petered out and gave little pleasure, no overall energy for life.


Patient decided to stop medication and try natural/alternative substance to thin the blood.  this resulted in an extension of the clot and increased severity of pain, leading to emergency room visit and subsequent use of different blood thinner, syntron.
Usually a feel of tiredness 10 to 12 hours after initial dose which can last up to 24 hours. Taking one dose of the pill has less effects of tiredness then taking the 6mg shot or taking them both within a 24hr period.
There were no side effects, but I was careful not to take it continuously for too long of a period of time, just in case.
dry-mouth (needed to maintain proper hydration, not necessarily hungry at meal time (switched to several smaller "meals" throughout the day)
No side effects as such.  However, the negative from my point of view is that there is an almost unreal calmness and lack of feeling/excitement/or even anger.........however as it is my intention to only use the fluoxetine for what is a relatively short term period, I beleive that this has been a 'symptom' worth experiencing.
There were no side effects that I could trace directly to Meridia. Mild constipation is a possible side effect, but that could also have been due to dehydration.
break through bleeding every other week to every two weeks in 3 month of use.
Taking prozac made me more sleepy and I could not get up to do everyday thing. I just kept sleeping or yawning.  I wanted my depresion to go away but it did the opposite. Instead of helping me keep me depresed I felted more depresed because I kept sleeping all the time. The medication Prozac with me did not help my depression but rather calm me to the extent that I did not want to do anything. Also I kept going to the bathroom constantly. It takes down my sexual mood and difficulty in getting aroused at all.  Ritalin cause my mouth to dry up and kept drinking water like a camel. Jittery effect and when the medication wear off you feel it like large thump.
Very mild burning sensation in abdomen, NO problem with injection - very easy to use pen.
After one day of taking the cipro- so probably had 3 pills, I began to get an itchy rash mostly on my arms, legs, and abdomen.  There were small red dots that itched.  I also noticed that my throat swelled up and


it was getting harder to breath.  I called my Dr. and was told to quit taking the Cipro and an alternative


would be given to me.
Surprisingly no side effects with Crestor even though it is the most potent of the statins. I had severe muscle pains with Lipitor and other statins and expected to have the same problems with Crestor. For some reason I didn't have these problems with Crestor.
I took Prilosec and had OD symptoms even though I was on a regular dose. I was on 20mg a day.





Symptoms were:





    * confusion


    * drowsiness


    * blurred vision


    * fast or pounding heartbeat


    * nausea


    * vomiting


    * sweating


    * flushing (feeling of warmth)


    * full feeling in my head


    * dry mouth, very thirsty





I also experienced:





    * constipation


    * dizziness


    * tooth and gum decay and pain


    * left upper back/shoulder pain


    * severe stomach cramps


    * rash


    * itching all over my body, mainly chest and arms


    * my feet and ankles were swollen


    * difficulty breathing 


    * muscle spasms,


    * tingling in my face, lips, and limbs
I took it for 2 days.  The third day I didn't take it.  Which was tonight.  I keep waking up because my subconsious is terrified of something.  I keep hearing things in my sleep.  I am terrified to go back to sleep. My heart is pounding from the horrible things I keep hearing in my sleep.  I never had this until taking this medication. I think I may miss a day of work tomorrow from not being able to sleep.  I wish someone was here with me so I wouldn't be so afraid to go back to sleep but the sounds I keep hearing are so terrifying.
mild eye irritatation that gradully got worse over the period of 12 months
Hard to say.  





During the fifteen years I took it, my pores enlarged and became clogged.  That may have been due to age and other factors--but I could not help but suspect that some of the heavy waxes and oils used in the product may have contributed.





Metrogel left an ashy white residue, so I switched to the cream.  Maybe the gel would have less clogging effect.  





Later, I got prescription insurance coverage and had to take a generic, which may have had even cheaper inactive ingredients.
sever pain in muscles back and joints right arm hs only 50% use severe pain in forearms and elbows after two months offdrug I have constant pain everyday in my wrists and elbow
Some stomach discomfort.
There were no side effects.  If there were,(which I don't think there were) then they were so minimal as to go unnoticable by me. Some people say they are the type that has all the side effects. I seem to be the one that has none of the side effects.
tiredness
dry mouth, i constantly have to drink lots of water, also working out helps with the dry mouth for your info. loss of appetite, i force myself to eat because if i dont i will not eat at all. i notice that since taking the medication i no longer have a sweet tooth. i feel dizzy sometimes too.
No side effects so far.. Only a slight itch around the injection-site from time to time.
The drug effected my lungs. I started coughing more. Today I am very sensitive to any products or chemicals,and cough a lot and struggle breathing. I had a skin rush and itching skin. My breast enlarged and lactated. Started getting anxiety.
None
I felt nauseous & bloated.
Blocked sinus, headaches and backpain. Cialis was prescribed to be taken before sex. Because the drug can be effective for up to 36 hours taking another pill even 24 hours later increased the side effects substantially.
I suffer from no side effects when using nurofen.
weight loss irritability when trying to cut back. i currently take a dose of 7.5 to 10 mg per day and would like to continue same dosage
loss of sexual interest.
None
Differin was drying and particularly the 3% solution.
Just after taking the pill (with food) I felt a bit dopey in the head which lasted for up to an hour, and sometimes a slight nausea (but not often).
i had a racing heart beat  but extreme tiredness really strage  it was the worst thing i had experianced took my mind off being depressed but i didnt know any diffrent It was the first anti depressant iv ever taken i thought it was supposed to be like that
Severe burning sensation in eyes about one minute after applying drops.  This burning sensation did not always occur.  When the burning sensation occurred my eyes were photosensitive so I had to remain in a dark room for about 15 minutes.  I wore dark glasses for about one hour after leaving the dark room.  I put the eye drops in my eyes in the morning and before going to bed at night.  This meant some mornings I would be leaving for work at 6am (quite dark out) with dark glasses on as any amount of light was painful.
Severe diarrhea the first day and moderate the second. Felt nausea and had a hard time keeping food down. Stomach pains and a headache.
Feeling like i drank 2 bottles of vodka! the nausea is unbelievably as well as the head heavyness, lightheadedness, foggy. The doctor told me to finish the medication, but i just cant. it is almost impossible for  me to hold my head up! I will not take this medicine again. it is the 2nd time it was prescribed to me, id rather be sicker for a few more days than deal with the aftermath. and thats saying something!
I experienced weight gain fluctuations and loss of energy. I complained to several doctors over the period of 20 years without effect. There is no alternative treatment if the patient does not feel the benefit. The doctor only sees the blood test to show that the treatment is effective.
panic attacks for the first few weeks, followed by mild tachycardia, moderate diarrhea, mild tinnitus
After a while the drug was less effective and I needed to take more.  I started with one a day and had to mocve to two and sometiimes three a day.
Nausea, gastric problems (diarrhea) and mild headaches. 





I take it at night, so the first 3-4 hours of each morning I experience the above side effects. This is uncomfortable during the first 2-3 weeks, then your body gradually gets used to it.
none
Woke up EXTREMELY SORE! MAJOR BODY ACHE - almost worse than before taking the 1st pill. In serious pain, trying to pump advil to get soreness gone, not sure if I had a bad experience with this or not
Almost within the first week of taking the medication I noticed a decreased in libido (sexual drive), night time erections were gone, and morning wood was no longer there.
increased sensitivity to alchohol
Side effects= Intermittent Headaches,weakness,shaky and Double Vision, poor muscle coordination, problem with movement, walking, Abnormal Gait, behavioral changes, anger,weight loss, slurred speech, & memory loss.
Hair loss! It seems that every few months since starting Synthroid I get go though a few weeks of substantial hair loss. I have noticed that I gain weight more in my stomach since starting sythroid I never carried weight there before.
Increased anxiety
None
none -- no weight loss unfortunately
As far as I know there were none.
I went off of Zoloft on my own in October of 2008. I went down gradually from 50mg to 25 for about a week and then went off completely. The two weeks afterward were a bit crazy. The panic attacks didn't come back but I'd get all emotional at the slightest upset and feel like crying for no reason (which isn't me at all). I also had the strangest, most vivid dreams. I recently went back on the drug after the panic attacks came back and apart from slight dizzyness and diarrhea I'm starting to feel more in control again and less panicky.
It made me a little bit too sleepy.  It also was relaxing to the point that I felt a little disoriented.  It was a great solution as long as I was at home.  It would not have been practical to take when working, driving, etc.
Dizziness
I did not have any notable side effects during the course of taking the drug.
A small amount of shaking, mainly felt when drinking from a cup. It's not supposed to affect weight and hunger, but I have gained some weight, though I don't know if or how the medicine contributed.
None at 300 mg.  Possible tinnitus from increase to 450 mg, not evaluated by an audiologist yet though.  Did experience weight loss (7 lbs.) at 450 mg dosage.
I have an artifical hip and have constant discomfort where implant was put into femur. I was having quite a bit of back pain and about a year ago started lifting moderate weights about 3 days a week and that seemed to clear up the problem. Sometimes when I overeat or accidently drink a lot of alcohol I get extreme chest pain. I actually break out into a sweat and the pain works from center of my back to front of my chest. After it subsides which is usually 15 to 20 minutes I will be extremely exhaused.The first time it happened I thought I was actually having a heart attack.So to counter the issue I try to eat less at a meal and nibble more often during the day. I still don't know I the moderate discomfort in my leg is the medication, so I guess I will live with it.I have read a bit about the different symptoms and being a little older its hard to determine if its drugs or age causing some of the issues.
When taking synthroid it must be taken on an empty stomach around the same time every day. Multivitamins with Iron decrease the sythroids effectiveness so they must be taken at least 3 hours after taking sythroid. Never miss a dosage. I once missed a few days in a row and became very depressed almost suicidal. Will need to take sythroid for the rest of my life and keep regular appointments to have my thyroid levels checked.
No side effects, possible chronic sinus issues but not sure if it is related. Bruising at injection site
No side effects at all.
The first few weeks of treatment my skin was peeling a little and I had some red splotches but eventually these symptoms went away.
I experienced stomach pains and bleeding when tablets were taken on an empty stomach.  This was the only side effect I experienced and as long as you can be organised about when you eat and take the tablets then it causes no problems at all.  Given the fact I relied on these tablets for 3 years, the side effects were extremely mild and forgettable.
Massive dizziness/ "drugged" feeling.  A feeling of being "out of it" --- unable to focus eyes, exhausted, etc.  Impossible to function until the effect wore off.  Not convinced this is the best option for migraine treatment.  Although it was effective, the side effects were almost not worth it.  There have got to be better options out there.
I did not have any side effects after the doctor find the right dosage I was able to function like I used to before I have the symptoms of the hypothyroid.
none. I did have concerns about taking an oral steroid,but was reassured that the short duration would not cause adverse side effects.
There are a lot of listed side effects but i only had 1 if i had the pill on an empty stomach i would get a nasty pain in the upper tummy.
If I take a 5 mg pill later than 3 pm or so it is difficult to fall asleep.  I sometimes get jittery or feel like my heart is racing.  Sometimes I have strange muscle twitches that I can't control.  Some days it makes me lose my appetite completely, which doesn't sound bad but I'm already a little underweight.
Yawning, tiredness, lethargy, dry eyes/sinuses. Over time the drug seemed to build up in my system (the Dr. determined that I metabolize this particular drug slowly)and my dosage had to be adjusted to 5mg/day. 5mg/day takes the edge off the depression but does not cause the extreme exhaustion experienced at higher doses.





This medication is excellent despite some mild side effects. It does not cause any of the musculo/skelatal pain or sleep interuptions I experienced with other anti-depressants.
Hard to fall asleep if taken too late in the day.  Affects my skin somewhat (more blemishes, seems to age my skin somewhat)
I was 25 at the time and experienced chronic yeast infections while this drug. About 10 years later I had severe bladder pain, but no infection was present. After bladder biopsy it was determined that I had intercystial cystitis and the doctor feels it was from being on this antibiotic long term. I suffered with this condition for 6 years and finally had DMSO bladder washes which relieved the problem greatly. To this day I have bladder pain occasionally.
In my situation, I continually have spot bleeding towards the end of every 30 day cycle which should not occur.  My doctor advised that this would lessen the longer I stay on this medication however, it only improved slighty and I never can make it through the entire 90 days, my period always starts a few days before I've finished the last few pills.
I had no side effects, but was told the product could stain the teeth (which the dentist could alter back to white teeth), however, I wiped my teeth with a wash cloth after swishing with the product.
I have had some very mild side effects. Slight nasal congestion (now gone) and an occasional sort of gravelly coarseness to my voice. If they are the only side effects then I am happy to live with that.
Weight gain


Tired on the day I took methotrexate


Some nausea
I didnt seem to have any negative side effects.
Bad taste in mouth in the morning was bothersome in the beginning but it goes away over time the longer you take the drug.  However, lineage did not work well at all if I ate anything near bed.  The directions say it does not work well with fatty foods.  But, it also did not work if I even took a fish oil supplement, which is a fatty acid.  Even the smallest amount of fat, like a pat of butter on a piece of toast renders it ineffective.  When that happens, I would cut another pill in half and would be able to sleep.  This is a time release drug and should not actually be cut in half!
None observed.
nasty taste in mouth, nausea...... ...... ........... ...................
Thirst, very mild chest pain, (lasts for about fifteen seconds).
At first I didn't realize that it was significantly converting to DHT and causing typical male pattern hairloss.    Once I realized it was happening, I was able to slow it down greatly via a shampoo designed to block DHT (not systematically, just on the scalp).
My skin was already accustomed to high-percentage AHA products, so any stinging scaling or irritation were minimal. After a few days I had no side effects.
severe depression
Major Headaches


Neck Pain
slight muscle spasms, euphoria
There were none - all I felt was better.
increased thirst; increased urination;
I have a bad taste in my mouth the day I take the alendronate medication and worry about side-affects, including long-term side affects which are undetectable currently.
I found that some of the side effects were very severe.  I would have compulsive sexual desires that I had never had before and wanted sex with my husband all the time.  I had great difficulty sleeping so I would take melatonin to go to sleep every night.  I would talk very fast as well as move fast.  I would have hand tremers.  I also had very dry mouth and diarrhea.
I didn't have any side effects that I could associate with taking the medication.
No noticeable side effects
At the beginning of treatment I noticed a slightly elevated heart rate and I felt a bit jittery.  However, I do consume a fairly high amount of caffeine during the day and I was told to expect this by my doctor.  Another effect that I didn't really connect to the medication was a lack of motivation.  I did not attribute this specifically to the medication until I had a conversation with my best friend who had also taken Wellbutrin at one point.  She asked me specifically if I had experienced diminshed motivation while on the drug and it "clicked" with me.  I am not entirely certain if this can be attributed solely to the medication since this is also a symptom of depression.
no noticeable side effects.
None
nausea and diarrea , b12 defeciecy
I was nauseated after taking each tablet. The nausea started about 20 minutes after taking the tablet and lasted for about 30 minutes. I was never physically sick and the nausea was bearable.


I had greatly reduced libido and difficulty getting and sustaining an erection. My orgasm was delayed, diminished and not satisfying. Sexual function returned to normal when I finished the Chantix course.


I had difficulty sleeping and felt fatigued throughout the treatment.


All things considered, the side effects were worth it for the benefits. As smoking causes premature death a few side effects are a reasonable trade off in order to quit.
Yeast infection and minor queasiness.
diarrhea, weakness
diarrhea and some upset stomach
became "addicted" to the medication. Had a difficult time weaning off of med.


When med was not taken, an unusual sensation (electric?) would shoot thru brain.
The treatment had no significant side effects, aside from a little bit of nausea during the initial day or two.  None of the more serious effects listed on the bottle were ever a problem.
Minimal flaking if a few days of application was missed. A bit more sensitiveness to other creams that have hydroxy acids.
Initially, in the frist two weeks of being of the medication patient complained of drowziness, sleepiness and feeling even more tired. However, the severity of side effects had slowely wore off.
When I first started taking it, I felt odd.  I can't describe it except to say I felt out of sorts.  I had trouble with perspiring and being cold and overly warm.  I would feel cold inside and chilled sometimes and then I'd feel very warm and start to perspire.
nausea, vomit, gastrointestial disorders
YES. Besides being more suceptable to sunburn, being in a tropical climate i felt I was VERY much more suceptable to heat exhaustion symptoms. I overcame this by taking double dosage of Salt tablets, and wearing a wet/cool towel around my neck to prevent the sun exposure on back of my neck. Wore a hat at all times also.
The second day of taking stemetil i began to experience unpleasant anxiety and a  cramping sensation in my muscles, particularly my arms. This worsened throughout the day and I found myself uncontrollably flexing my muscles and not being able to control it.
During the 6 months during which I used the Lac-hydrin, I didn't experience any negative side-effects. I was using it during winter months, so I don't have any feedback to offer on sun-sensitivity. I didn't experience any additional skin irritation that lessened my interest in the product. I simply moved on to other products because of the price.
lip and eyes dryness
Some sexual side effect was noted after taking the drug for one year. In particular a loss of ejaculate volume.
My ck levels jumped to 480, bruising without trauma, loss of memory, lapses of time up to 4 hours, significant pain in legs which kept me awake at night, made my legs jump.  My left leg contorted during a spasm, my foot turned out which couldn't be straigntened without help and masssge of the calf and foot.
None
Definitely loss of libido, tiredness, some fogginess of thought, loss of muscle tone, occasional testicular pain, lowered blood pressure, increased floaters in vision, some gynecomastia when cycling down (minimised by taking Zinc on those days, but I would say not to discontinue this medication suddenly if taking a break or quitting).
Sometimes, extreme drowsiness.
The humidity in Florida helped so much in building up tolerance for the drying effect of Retin-A. I had to be extremely careful NOT to introduce any other strong product AHA or Gylgolic Acid and washing once daily with mild cleanser (Cetaphil). Once Retin-A Micro was introduced to the public I switched and I literally can smear it everywhere around my nose and lips and close to my eyes with no problem. However I do not use Retin A in cold dry climates or on vacations because of the changes in atmosphere and environment.
During the first 2 weeks there was stomach irritation, increased sweating at night, and diminished appetite.  All have abated now.
My upper lip swelled up an became rough an mildly itchy. It remained rough and swollen for a week. For another week it just felt "weird". There was some  crustiness around my mouth. Hadn't eaten or taken anything else orally that was new to me.
Dopey feeling, extreme fatique, procrastination, numb feeling.
Feels little anxious at times, little bit of acidity and hence needs nexium to be combined.
red, sensitive, reash on eye lids, very red in sumlight
ever so mild kidney pain but only when not drinking enough water.


so it is hard to say what where really side effects.
none
DEPRESSION, IRRITABILITY, WEIGHT GAIN, SKIN SPOTS.
I need to take my dose with breakfast.  If not, I feel nauseous.  This hasn't been a huge issue, since I eat breakfast regularly.  However, if I take a pill and eat immediately, I feel sick to my stomach.  The only other issue I have had is that I feel dizzy if I miss a dose.  I am good at remembering to take my morning dose, so this does not happen often.   Also, I did go off Zoloft a couple of years ago because I wanted to reduce the number of drugs I was taking.  Although I gradually reduced my dosage, I had a difficult time when I finally went completely off.  I felt dizzy and suffered a couple of bouts of vertigo.
A greater than desired weight gain and a decrease in energy and libido are the most bothersome side effects as per the patient.  The dose is still being titrated in order to moderate these effects.
A difficulty in concentration, or 'mind fog', reduced visual acuity, fatigue, and an increased libido, which I didn't realise was due to the drug until I stopped taking it after 5 years. Symptoms disappeared after stopping the drug.
Unfortunately one of the side effects is pretty bad constipation.  Also mild drowsiness
had occassional slight itching after application, but not consistently so and it wasn't all that bothersome
I woke up at 3:30 a.m. for about a week, but that is back to normal.


I had a lot of energy.


Crave water, which isn't really a bad thing.


The bottoms of my feet itched for about 3 days.
Very sleepy after taking, also my feet and ankles swelled very badly.
The side effects were not that bad at all.  I'm a bit tired but nothing I would complain about.  When the headache pain is gone, a little bit of tiredness is nothing to me.
Some bruising to the site of injections but doctors monitor it every three months and blood work comes back normal to good.
While I was taking the medicine, I slept alot during the day.  It could have been a side effect of my depression; however, I felt it was from the Lexapro because it was more extreme in the beginning of my takning this medicine and subsided somewhat after the medicine had been in my system for a while.  No matter how much I slept, I never felt rested and could still sleep a full night also.  This could also be attributed to my working night shift; however, once I quit taking the Lexapro, the need to sleep so much during the day subsided.
Irritability, insomnia.
I did suffer from more sore throats, headaches and nose bleeds while I was using the medication.  These were not too severe.  I stopped using it when it stopped working as well and began using Singular.
Had to get monthly blood tests to check liver and kidney function. Once, after about 3-4 years of usage I had an abnormal blood test and was told to stop taking methotrexate for a month, then re-take blood test. Upon normal test, went back to taking methotrexate as usual. Did not notice any effects during time of abnormal blood test.
During the first month I experienced stinging and itching for around 10 minutes after application. This lessened in severity after the first week, and tapered off completely after about a month.
Tired.......... I work a lot of hours! but I felt overly tired during the day. Once I came off of the medication,the tiredness went away.
Rushing sound in temples, along with intermittent headache twinges in the temple area; tightness/spasms in the jaw and throat area; impaired ability to focus; when combined with caffiene from one cup of coffee, resulted in racing pulse for several hours until the drug wore off
None really
The only side effects were I felt a little sick if I took the pill on an empty stomach and I got diarrhea a couple of times
increased heart rate, jittery, hyperactivity, severe diet change
Slight mental and phyical sedation (positive effect for me but be careful if you need to be alert e.g driving)





Slight mental fog for couple of hours on a higher dose (i wouldn't choose this particular benzodiazepine if I felt anxiety at work as I wouldn't be able to concentrate up to the standard required.) But perfect for every other situation.
slight groginess the first couple of days but other than that I actually felt more awaken because the sleep I received was deeper and allowed for me to be more restful when I awoke.
I became drowsy, however, with adequate sleep (10 hrs) there were no hangover effects, unlike zyprexa, for instance. I also experienced some cognitive blunting- that is to say that I could not think very well on my feet
gave me extreme cramps, swelling, dizzyness, nausiea, laughing for 30 minutes straght
none that we can tell.
Mild drowsiness accompanied by a sense of well-being or euphoria.  Side effects were enjoyable, so I was especially careful to take it only as needed to reduce risk of dependency.  The combined effect of pain relief and "nice feelings" make this a risky drug to take if you are susceptible to addiction.
None
Initial weight loss
Unfortunately I developed the much feared rash, and had to discontinue. I had recently started Cymbalta, so I can't be sure it was the Lamictal that set me off, but the psychiatrist didn't want to risk it. I did have to change the timing of the dose to bedtime, as it made me a bit tired shortly after I took it. Also, I believe it affected my vision, which got a bit blurry sometimes.
Developed atrial fibrillation of the heart.  going to shock heart into proper rhythm.  Looked down her throat with a camera to see if there was any blood clots around her heart.  Ruptured her esophagus.  Never did find out what caused this but i figure the fosamax caused a very very small hole in the esophagus, weakened the side and the camera scope tore a hole. When fixed, there was no more pain in the stomach.  She is alright now--but almost died from this
I noticed no adverse side effects other than an occassional grogginess the next day after taking it at night.
None
I went into shock during recovery from surgery and was told I had allergic reaction to the morphine and not to ever take it again.  I saw red spiders and hallucinated for weeks afterwards.
After taking drug for 4 months I developed (for want of a better description) 'muscle jumps' (more severe than twitches and different from tics) which could occur in any part of my body, causing a literal 'jump' in the affected body part!  These only occurred when I lay down - usually when I was in bed, but didn't occur when I was up and about moving around.
nausea
clenching of jaw, loss of appetite at first, senses felt a bit strained at the end of the day, at times I felt a bit overwhelmed and heart would beat pretty fast - this was at least in part due to the medication,
Slight grogginess in the AM.
Relief of pain!  No bad side effects.
None
So far all I,ve had is a little weight gain plus occasionally I have to take ib prophen in the evening to get rid of leg pain
I have not experienced any side effects from this medication.  Losing my period was an anticipated side effect, and although many feel that this is too much for them and discontinue use of this drug, it is a good side effect for me.  Also there are studies that show bone mineral density is affected by this drug, but I have undergone a bone density scan, with normal results.  This is great, considering I have been on Depo for nine years now, since I turned nineteen and for most of my twenties.
None. I felt much better taking the medicine
I haven't experienced any side effects.
have been on citirizine for approximately 7 years if not more.  I saw my GP last week to change as the cetirizine was no longer working on my allergies.  Since then I have slept only for about 12 hours (in six days), a nauseous feeling in my stomach with dizziness, stomach cramps, a permanent knot in my stomach, shivers, tremors and sweats, I am worried about itching starting  now.  The good news is that I am less fuzzy in my head even though I am tired, my bladder control is back and I seem to be losing some of the 3/4 stones I have gained since taking the drug.  Today I took half a tablet just to function in my job
There were no side effects that I noticed at the time.
some constipation and solomance, but not too severe, the befefits of the drug outweighed these
Drownsy but no untoward effects.Patient was able to be put on routine dose of this medication after effectivness of medication was evaluated to help prevent further problems.When routine dosage was begun patient was given routine medications for any side effects.
Sexual Dysfunction, depression, swelling, fatigue, redness and insomnia.  These side-effects were SEVERE and PERMANENT.
I had dry eyes, trouble gaining weight, and loss of energy.
terrible withdrawal
None that I can tell.
constipation which can be relieved by stool softener which is a fair trade off to me. another effect as I found out is that it dries out your mouth and causes gum disease and now all my teeth need to be removed
I hear its bad for heart (singulair) but am not sure and have not noticed. I may notice marginal effect on digestion, but it may be unrelated.
slightly darker eyelashes, the lashes appear rather whispy on the end and sort of messy, they grow irregularly and point in different directions as opposed to nice and straigh like they were before.
The resulting small, fluid-filled blisters (vesicles) most commonly occur on the palms and fingers of your hands and on the soles and toes of your feet. The blisters usually last for three to four weeks.





The blisters often cause intense itching. Scratching the blisters can damage the skin and, in some cases, lead to infection. Once the blisters dry, they often leave cracks and painful grooves (fissures) in your skin.


Risk factors





Dyshidrosis occurs twice as often in women as in men. Other risk factors include:





    * Stress, because dyshidrosis appears to be more common during times of stress


    * Exposure to metal salts, such as chromium, cobalt and nickel  usually through cement or mechanical work


    * Having seasonal allergies, such as hay fever


    * Frequently exposing your skin to water or other wet substances
Some type of basic moisturizing cream must be applied over the Avage. If the moisturizer was not used the avage was to strong to use daily. I have used Avage without a moisturizer on a every other day time table.
none once proper dosages were found....higher mg's made me "foggy"
Drowsiness, dizziness, dream-like state, very mild haluccinations, weakness in arms
none
slight fatigue occasional tachycardia
None of the side effects that are usually mentioned.  However, I do now have restless legs at night which I have not mentioned to my dr yet.  I hadn't thought it was related to the detrol until I saw on another post that someone else was complaining of restless legs at night after taking detrol? So I will mention it to my dr. because it is very annoying. The only other side effect is some drowsiness in the afternoons but it does pass.
Absolutely none, other than  friends advising NOT to take HRT because they have read reports negative reports on long term use.
NONE.
None that we could see. Patient has had problems with other medications causing stomach upset and similar conditions but in this case it was not relevant.  We found however, that also by applying some cortisol directly to the infected areas, the sores healed very quickly.
In the beginning no side effects.  2.5 weeks into taking drug very severe stiff neck/joint/muscle pain.  Gas was bad at first along with consptipation.  Gas and constipation disappeared when I lowered the dosage from 2 mg per day to 1 mg per day.  Neck/shoulder tension/pain still exists, but worth it to stay smoke free.
After a couple of weeks, the Solodyn produced heartburn and nausea. This was very uncomfortable, enough to disturb sleep at night. Solodyn also makes skin sensitive to the sun, so I had to remember to apply sunscreen every day, with at least a moderate SPF (SPF 30+). Healing and resolution of the folliculitis seemed slow, taking months.
Gastrointestinal.
Dizziness and fatigue
Sexual desire & response.
none
The worst side effect I had was insomnia. At first, insomnia was OK because I was, for the first time, happy to be alive and being happy more hours of the day seemed hunky-dory. Of course sleep-deprivation isn't good for the brain and started to wear on my job performance. Tried many different sleep agents to no avail. (I have absolute tolerance to anything ending in -pam apparently). For the longest time I could sleep no more than 1-2 hours per night (but felt rested). I'm up to 4-5 hours (pre-med normal amount) without any sleep meds.
compulsive vomiting,nausea,headaches and intense shivering
When I was using 2 sprays each morning I did have nose bleeds.  Since I reduced it to one spray each side no more bleeds.
Drying, flaking, peeling of the skin where the cream was applied.  These side effects were reduced by using the product only at night time.
There were no know side effects caused by the treatment. I was very happy with the absence of side effects and the overall simplicity of the drug.
I have no noticiable side effects
Nausea, vomiting, loss of appetite, headache, listless. Metal taste in mouth was horrible. The pills tasted gross.
Some dizziness, balance, and memory issues.  Some days are fine, others are disconcerting but livable.
no
Sleepiness on the following day
+Night-time energy surge.


+Reduction in taste sensitivity / food interest.


+Late morning / early afternoon fatigue.


+Occasional headaches.


+Less organized thoughts / less aware of "details".


+Hand tremors.


+A.D.D. actually made WORSE.
C. difficile
Mild dizziness and a rushing feeling sometimes occurs.  I am not comfortable driving after having taken Imitrex and will generally stay at home that day.
Absolutely none.
I developed a rash across my stomach within 45 min. of the first dose and began itching.
Lack of concentration, fatigue short term memory loss.
2 mg was way too much.  After 7 hours of sleep, I continued to be spaced out and clumsy, bumping into walls and dropping things for another 7 hours.  My mind also felt really slow, stunned and stupid.  These side effects were so strong, my co-workers noticed and were concerned for me.  A week later, I took half a pill to ease my anxiety and help me sleep.  The side effects were less, but still noticeable by others the next day at work.  The last two times I tried ativan, I only took 1/4 of a pill.  It did still ease my anxiety and the side effects were mild, but I decided I'd rather live with the anxiety than live with a mind that felt slow and stupid.
Very dry skin, sensitivity to sun, red/dry eyes, severe dry lips, frequent nose bleeds and rashes, minor depression, back pains, and easily worn out.
I suffered some very negative side effects.  First, this medication made me nauseated.  Secondly, and the effect that I am still trying to recover from, this medication gave me the "pregnancy mask" which is a darkening above the lip area.
There was no after taste or smelly urine like penicillin provides. This drug caused yeast overgrowth. While it killed the dangerous bacteria in my lungs it also killed all the healthy flora located in the intestinal tract and the vagina.
cognitive impairments; difficulty remembering names; memory problems; loss of weight
I had a tooth infected went to the dentist for exam and antibotics, and he gave me Tramadol. I took it from 10/14/2008 to 10/16/2008 early am every 4 to 6 hrs 2 pills for pain. I woke up Thursday around 2 am took 2 more as prescribed was unable to walk due to muscle spasms. I could not go to the bathroom due to pain just made the barrel by the bed and crawled back in the bed stopped taking the pain pills after this. My Husband took me to the Doctors office carefully assisting me as I could not walk. I was paralized with extreme severe pain. He made a make shift ambulance out of a ford escort in the back making a bed and I crawled carefully in pain and laid there. The Physician office told me go to the Emg. room St Michaels Hospital. I was unable to get out of the back of the car. With assistance it took a good while to get me out and to lean on a wheelchair to try and walk with constant spasms and pain. I finally got to a bed in the emergency room and laid on my side. In less than 1 hour I had 2 shots in my rear and one in my arm informing I was having severe adverse reactions to the meds. They went from the top of my shoulders, down my back, to my stomach and legs. This was worse than having a baby and I had 3. I am still laid up today and have had a leave of absence due that I am unable to walk or sit at present. I am very upset at the slow process and the information on side affects do not talk about these adverse affects.  My physician took blood and urine samples for a possible muscle problem that this adverse reaction can cause.  Waiting for the results.
No side effects, but because it is a patch, there is no way to change the dosage even a little.  With a cream, you can always put on a little more, if you have a breakthrough hot flash, or if something changes so that you are having hot flashes.
mood changes, headaches,
Cannot take a birth control pill for more than ~24 months without side effects arising (i.e. mood swings, bowel change, spotting which was not present when I first started the medication, etc.)  Seasonale is just the next medication to take until I can save enough money and/or convince my insurance company to pay for a hysterectomy.  





I have been on birth control for 12 years to control irregular cycles (imagine 50 day cycle followed by 15 day cycle) and intense PMS symptoms.  I have recently developed Raynaud's and am increasingly worried about my fibrinogen levels due to birth control (specifically contraceptives containing estrogen such as Seasonale and every other birth control pill I've ever been on).  





I should also mention, I eat well at least 85% of the time (fast food/greasy take-out maybe once every other week) and exercise (combo of yoga, pilates, cardio, weightlifting) at least three days a week.
Simply a bad taste in my mouth which can be eliminated, or nearly so, by frequent cleaning of teeth.
The only side effect occured in the first 3 months, where slight aching of the joints and muscles was experienced.  This disappeared after 3 months.
full doses would make my heart race, so i use typically just 1 spray in each nostril a couple times a day, and more if i havent taken it in a while, and all of a sudden the pain sets back in unbearably.
Nauseau, increasing in severity each time Boniva was taken. By the third month, even with waiting a couple of hours after taking the pill before any food was consumed, the food did not stay down at all. Before eating, it was like dry heaves and it was hoped food would alleviate those. It didn't work.  Felt miserable for most of the rest of the day
Excessive drowsiness at maximum doses.
I had some sleep disturbancebut the worst was a 15 lb. weight gain that came off only after switching to another antidepressant
Dry skin and lips.  Just keep lotion and chapstick handy, and you'll be fine.
none
Although some stress was alleviated, I noticed that I spent more time in a "vegetative" state. I am normally a very active person who enjoys exercising daily. While on Lexapro, I found myself preferring to just relax and watch televison (did cause slight weight gain due to this). More serious and traumatizing side effects was the sudden onset of severe chest pain, rapid heartbeat, dizzy spells, sweating, fatigue, numbness in legs and nausea. The first episode occurred one day at work causing an ambulance to be dispatched to job. From that day on, these attacks happened quite frequently, my doctor took me off the medicine. However, these attacks continued to occur for over a year later (never happened to me before Lexapro). In fact, these effects started a two year long string of attacks, visits to cardiologists, emergency rooms, my fear of exercising as increased activity seemed to affect my heart and induce rapid heart beat. I began to fear driving as my dizzy spells would occur for no apparent reason, as well as the numbness in my legs. No doctor was much help, in fact I often got treated as if I was crazy and was just told that I am suffering from panic attacks. I understand that panic attacks can occur out of nowhere in ones life and once you have them you may experience continued anxiety. I believe the Lexapro opened this pandoras box for me though. I read somewhere that an earlier version of Lexapro (or similar type of pill) caused heart problems thus was pulled off the shelves. Who knows the story behind that. It has taken me two long horrific years to get back on track. I am now approaching my issues naturally and am doing better (not to say this completely stopped my life - but it did seriously change it).
may have made migraines better or worse..don't know for sure


hyperpigmentation on neck
I had no side effects what so ever, but there may be some listed for this medication in its information listed on the bottle.
Night waking, restlessness, increased speech, mild mania, GI abnormalities, stomach upset, nausea.
Three days after increasing dosage from 160MG to 320 MG experienced a sudden rash outburst along left rib cage and lower chest.
Upset stomach, headache. Nausea could be combatted with ingestion of yogurt.
For the first night or two taking the medication and after increasing the doasage I had trouble sleeping.
nothing much. aspirine does couse some times acidity and heart burns.
Tingling in arms and legs, loss of appetite, tiredness, metallic taste, a bit of coordination problem (couple of incidents while backing up the car from garage).
drymouth, dizziness, heartrate increased, breaking out in sweats, feeling sick,
dry mouth, nervous jittery feeling and shaky
As far as I can tell, no side effects noted.
Nausea, Insomnia, Constipation, Erectile Dysfunction, Irritability, Fatigue
Dizziness (feeling like walking on a dock), Anxiety attacks, some decreased mental sharpness, memory loss
At the beginning of treatment, I had a tremendous difficulty sleeping and felt jittery. Passed after a fews weeks. Definite drop in libido since treatment started, rated the side effects as "moderate" above for this reason alone.
Difficulty in reaching orgasm. Increased amount of ejaculate. Rare mild headache.
The beta blocker controls and regulates your heart beat so it beats on time when it's supposed to.  It also however, controls your heart rate and doesn't allow it to race out of control.  So when exercising, many people have a hard time being able to get their heart rate up to pump enough blood to the lungs which is why you feel winded while exercising even mildly.  With Bystolic there is very little of this type of side effect.  Sometimes I don't notice it at all.
None that I'm aware of.  I am starting to wonder if it has effected the health of my gum tissue, but there is no documented evidence to support that.
First week I experience fairly bad nausea, first month I was sluggish and tired and head felt "foggy" but persistence and going to a full dose resolved all of the problems. Only ongoing side effect is moderate lethargy.
Dry mouth if I fast from food.  If I eat normally this does not happen.  Other than that, no side effects.
There were no side effects from the treatment...
none
i had nausea and dizziness accompanied by blurred speech
reduced overall emotional output - before taking Lexapro, i would have episodes of hyperactive behaivour, and would be very outgoing, loud and extatic. I injoyed these, and felt they were part of my personality. This was dumbed down dramatically by the medication. I also begun having non-life threatening Cardiac Arrhythmia, ie skipping heart beats, awareness of heart beat, palpatations etc. These were minor, and i have not sought any medical advice because of them.
yellowing of teeth. some nausea. doctor warned of side effects and medication was still taken.
skin drying and redness occasionally, higher sensitivity to sun, can't have brows waxed when taking Retin A
didn't notice any
lump in throat, trouble breathing, tiredness, muscle pain
None that I experienced.
The treatment side effects are somewhat severe.  The first dose I took almost immediately knocked me out!  I was so out of it, loopy, sleepy, etc. that all I could do is sit around and then go to sleep! It didn't get better after a couple of doses and I originally stopped taking it.  My doctor helped me build up a tolerance by stepping up the dosage over a week or so.  That limited the side effects but I still find that if I miss a dose by even a couple of hours, I start going through withdrawal and start feeling AWFUL!  I don't feel better until I get the dose!  That is somewhat scary to me and keeps me from trying a higher dose but the benefits of having a "normal" life outweigh the side effects and I dont' know of any safer options to do that.
Extreme fatigue when not taking ritalin such as on the weekend. Sometimes I was so fatigued, taking ritalin was unable to keep me awake. When I used ritalin during the day at work, it reduced my inhibitions in social and business situations and I would blurt out things before I had the chance to internally filter them. Experienced periods of sleeplesness at night.
Very dry mouth, nose and skin.  It essentially dried up the acne.  It worked amazingly well and the effects lasted for probably a couple of years after a one time 6 month treatment.  I wouldn't take it again however, b/c I wanted I to have babies and did have trouble conceiving years later but, it is unknown to me if this was a result of the acutane.  I do have one biological son and one adopted son.
Amazingly unlike other sleep aid's I've taken, I didn't wake up groggy most of the time, the only time I did it only lasted about an hour. I did like the fact I didn't feel drugged half the next day.
Hot flashes, night sweats and vaginal dryness.
WEIGHT GAIN, WEIGHT GAIN, WEIGHT GAIN!!  I don't know if it's just because of the methadone slowing your metabolism, or if it is caused by the need to eat sweets but I have gained at least 90 lbs since starting methadone 7 years ago. It is likely a combination of both.  I have also seen a sever decline with my teeth, and the only cause I can think of is methadone.  I have taken such good care of my teeth, as far as self care and making sure I see the dentist every 6 months, and that still hasn't helped.  Has anyone else noticed this?  I have started having sever pain in my joints as well, especially my knees.  I can honestly say though, that without this medication I probably wouldn't be alive to experience any of these minor side effects.  Without a doubt, methadone along with the therapy I received while in the clinic and my families support has saved my life. I will take the weight gain and minor discomfort any day, at least I am here to write about it.
sleepiness the next day, maybe more acne
Taken on an empty stomach, it makes you a little jittery
there were no side effects, i took this medicine with and without food and had no problems after.
extreme diarrhea, upset stomach, nausua
I lost 10 lbs over the course of 4 months, my ears hurt and sounded more muffled, my glands in my throat swelled but don't hurt. I had HORRIBLE dry cotton mouth in the morning, when i got to the 50mg of the medicine my heart rate was 144 hr. My insomnia got worse but even though i wasn't sleeping as well, i wasn't ever tired.
drowsiness, weight gain, very restless/hard time sleeping which caused me to be extremely tired, nausea, dry mouth.
Immediate sleepness, so needed to be careful when I took the tablet.  Had to be careful if I took any other medications or alochol as there would be 'high' episodes.
Tingling of my tongue, toes, and fingers. Some speech issues, word finding issues, major spelling issues - especially when handwriting. This is especially interesting because I'm generally an excellent speller. Unfortunately I have not experienced the weight loss side effect.
dry mouth was the main side effect.  the other was that after taking my evening dose, I would go to bed at an appropriate hour and fall asleep, but would wake up after about 5 hours and would be WIDE AWAKE until bed time.
None
Some dyspepsia. This was all the side effects I noticed. I did not like these side effects though and therefore discontinued when the psoriatic arthritis  seemed to be under control. When I discontinued Parlodel, I  took Cabergoline( with a much longer half life in the body) in a very low dosage to make sure that my Prolactin levels only gradually moved back.


I know once I took Parlodel and stopped and then took a Prolactin test 48h later and the levels were higher then without taking any meds.


So best is to decrease dosage slowly and not suddenly. I think this is the case with any ergot derivative.
Vaginal bleeding
I had quite a few side effects, which is why I discontinued using it and switched to a natural remedy.  Some of the side effects I experienced included chronic constipation, difficulty digesting food and sporadic stomach pain.  I found it difficult to enjoy eating food as I often felt a heavy feeling in my stomach after meals which was very unpleasant.
major rash over most of my body (75%), took 2 weeks to go away.  Low grade fever (100.) for the first few days after rash appeared.
Main effects were nausea, light headedness and room spining.
tired and now totally can't get off of it. sometimes i have a tremor in my head moving and i wonder if it's because of the drug. also when you are on it for a long period of time lets say 2 or 3 years then your body gets used to it so now it's doing nothing and you need to double the dose. thats when it gets bad
n/a
Mild to moderate dryness on the lips and face. Mainly on either side of the face. I noticed very dry lips but peppermint beeswax lip balm seemed to fix the problem. Dryness seemed to be non existent with no blemishes but as soon as a cyst became visible it annhilated the surrounding area in dryness.
None
none
Drowsiness if not enough time is available to sleep.  8 hours.
none noted in short term
prozac affects my sex drive mostly and i get headaches, the clonazepam i really don't feel any side effects except it doesn't always work and the seroquel puts on water weight gain makes you ravenous and can leave you feeling disoriented if you do not get enough sleep
none
This product immeidately caused my skin to turn bright red.  It stung and I had to wash it off.  I tried it a couple more days and then gave up, just as I have on all Rosacea medications.  Very very frustrating.
The most noticeable side effects, especially in the beginning of treatment, were mild dizziness and large pupils, making me sensitive to light, after waking up in the mornings.  That usually only lasts for 30-60 minutes.  


Side effects after taking for approximately 2 months:  Very vivid dreams when failing to take medication regularly.  Also, after approximately 2 months of treatment, the medication does not seem to be helping as much as in the beginning, as I am starting to wake up several times throughout the night again.
None.
There was a hangover from the medication well into the morning hours after waking.
I had the most intense stomach pain I've ever had in my life.  The pain was nearly unbearable.  It felt like I had an acid stomach with extreme pain.  I drank milk and had taken this will food and still had stomach pain.
I needed to take the pills with lots of water, so I was always taking trips to the bathroom. I was on this pill for a long time, and I dont know if the constant ringing of my ears was a side effect, I did visit an ear doctor for this problem I thought was tinnitus but the doctor assured me the minocin had nothing to do with it. The ringing of the ears continued for about a year after I stopped taking minocycline. Occasionally I still get a ringing of the years, it can be sudden but lasts for a second or so...I was never diagnosed with tinnutus, but the ringing did lessen until it left after i stopped the pills.
Depakote made me sleepy at first, so we switched the dose to nighttime instead of day and night.  Prozac, I have some ear pain from it.  Lithium upsets my stomach if I take too much at one time, so I don't.  I take one pill in the morning, and one in the evening.
mild veryigo for 2-3 weeks
foggy mind and sexual apathy
By fourth day, diagnosed with appendicitis - nice trip to the emergency room for removal of appendix 4 days after injection.  Stopped drug now.  Apparently, this is a reported, low level side effect.  





http://www.druglib.com/druginfo/enbrel/side-effects/





Other infrequent serious adverse events observed in RA, psoriatic arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, or plaque psoriasis clinical trials are listed by body system below:  Digestive:cholecystitis, pancreatitis, gastrointestinal hemorrhage, appendicitis
Occassional nausea and slight dizziness.
tried everything to know avail.
There are no adverse side effects so far.  Some nights I don't sleep as deeply (as described above) during the first few hours of sleep.  I'm not sure what makes the difference from one night to the next-perhaps the amount of sleep I got in the few nights previous.
I experienced no side effects, but I was careful not to use this drug continuously over a long period of time, just in case.  Generally I would start using it when symptoms were bad, stay on it for 2 to 3 weeks, then ease off.
None
I took tramadol once, that's all it took for me to decide I didn't want to take it again.  I took it in the evening and went to sleep a few hours later, it made me very sleepy.  Upon waking up in the morning I felt extremely nauseous, shaky and - it's hard to explain, I felt inside my head a lot.  Very cloudy headed.  I thought I'd feel better if I took a shower but ended up throwing up b/c I just couldn't stand up, all I wanted to do was lie down.  I felt very dizzy. I laid down for about 10 mins and felt a little better, stomach was still upset though.  I ate something and immediately felt nauseous, was shaking uncontrollably and sweating.  I threw up again.  The episodes continued through most of the day.  But I felt better as time went on.  I decided the side effects just aren't worth it!
none
Drowsiness, Constipation, Nightmares, Inability to focus.
Severe dryness and some skin peeling.
Unexplainable behavior: Constructed the letter "P" from toilet tissue, later had no recollection and couldn't explain why I did it. Apparently told husband to consult with nurse friend about my medications, but forgot and was upset when he did so. Visual hallucinations: while looking at my friend, saw her hair rising as if being blown from below; wherever I focused strange things happened. Thought they were really happening. Soon after med discontinued, became severely nauseated and started vomiting, unable to tolerate food or liquids for 20 hours, had to take zofran.
none
I will never take Diazepam again as it gave me a headache, I had unpleasant dreams and I felt that I was not always here, so trying to focus or remember things was dificult.
dry mouth, thirst.


alsdfjl asldfjslk sfldkjlkjs  sldfkjsl sljkljksdf ljsadflk sdf slkdjafl sdljlk sldfjklsak sdalkj slkjsdlkj ljsljflk  sllkjsdflkj
extremely low blood sugar, fainting, black outs, nausea, severe headache, GI pain
I had massive weight gain.  Ten pounds the first month, ten pounds the second month, five pounds the third month and five pounds the fourth month.  The weight gain totaled forty pounds. Almost fifteen years later, despite the same healthy diet & exercise that kept me at a healthy weight before,  the extra forty pounds of weight is still there. It also made me very tired.
I did not have any noticable side effects from this medication.
Urinary Track Infection, Back Pain, and Insomnia
Severe. I started to feel anxiety, then intense panic. I wanted to crawl out of my skin, thought about jumping out the window. Had to constantly talk myself down so that I wouldn't pull my IV out. Told by the doctor this was normal and was released. Paced my house for the next 6 hours until it wore off.
I drive for a living and I have more difficulty concentrating on my driving. I was more forgetful. I decided to discontinue lunesta because of the amnesia like side effects that interferes with my driving job. Good quality sleep should not make me feel like this. I use 25mg trazodone instead because it's safer for next day driving.
none
I had no side effects from taking the medication.  I did have regular blood work up to determine liver damage.
None
Read the above, no info..
Tingling in legs (low potassium) which is expected.  Unfortunately, it made my heart reate higher & irregular at times (slight flutters) thorughout the day. Ultimately it was difficult to exert myself during exercise b/c I would become exhausted and ouut of breath quickly due to elevated heart rate
Sudden and enormous increase in appetite, weight gain, i gained 10 kg, my belly seemed inflated all the time; 


Constipation;


Mood swings;
Except for mild breakthrough bleeding (results of not taking it at same time every day) nothing.
Experience drowsiness that should not have been present.  I had to take this tablet daily for it to be effective and since I noticed the drowsiness in the daytime that I found impairing, I decided to switch to nigth time.
all is said above
Side effects include dryness, some flaking, some redness, and some tightness.
I've stated most of the side-effects I had in the above paragraph.  Basically these were:





1. severe fatigue that diminished over several days.





2.  a few "electric jolts" that also disappeared after a couple of weeks.





3.  constipation.
No side effects.
severe constipation, only relieved by taking milk of magnesia on a daily basis.
After going off of the birth control pill, I noticed an elevation of mood.  When I began taking the pill after being off of it for a while, I noticed the difference in my mood.  My mood is much more consistently positive when not on the drug.  In addition, now that I am older, I have no desire to take this medication as the potential side effects/risks are too high for women who are 30+. The risks that most concern me are risk of blood clots and stroke even though I have never been a smoker.
None at low 3% dosages.  Higher dosages have an increased chance for systematic effects which increase the likelihood of side effects.
none
Anorexia, insomnia, bone and joint pain, vomiting, irritability ( I'm still pissed about all this). Weakness depression, suicidal ideation, so weak I have been unable to leave my bed for more than a couple of hours a day. I'd rather just shit myself to death than to take this crap. Christ, if I didn't have leukemia, I just wouldn't even go to doctors. I mean, their ok if you need to get put back together after an accident or something, but most of the time they, and their petrochemical nostrums, just seem to cause mote problems than they cure.
None
None that I could notice.  Then did not give me insomnia.
There were none whatsoever except the anxiety returned when the drug wore off and when I was anxious my memory recall was negatively affected.
Terrible headache and flushing of chest and face. The flushing of the chest and missive headaches happen every time, without exception.
When i started the medication i experienced dry mouth and dizziness although these abated over time. When i began trying to stop the medication i experienced  soem withdrawl effects, such as dizziness and nausea.
moderately severe skin blistering and seeping
I have not had any side effects.
some light nasal bleeding and a dry mouth when not taken precisely as directed.  It's important not to let the medication go too far into the nasal passage so that it doesn't go down the back of the throat which will lead to dry mouth.
no side effects
The most troublesome side effect was faintness upon rising quickly from a seated (or horizontal) position.  On one occasion I lost consciousness and fell.  However, this side effect went away after three months or so.  There was also some decrease in sexual desire, but this side effect also lessened over time.  A side effect that seems to be permanent is lower blood pressure, but this is actually a benefit for most people.  I've been told that some people take MAOI's solely to decrease their blood pressure.
There is a possibility of elevated blood pressure but my medication for the blood pressure seems to be doing the job.
There was a definite decrease in sexual desire and performance, but it is hard to say if the zoloft is to be blamed for everything.
flushed face, sleepiness, equilibrium out of balance
Some dryness and  redness unon initial use
Within hours of taking the first dose I had vaginal itching.  Since I read that was a side effect in the paperwork, I didn't think much of it.  After two doses, the itching turned to a burning and sourness in the pubic area.  I thought it might have been irritation from wearing leggings with no underwear (from the seam).  The medication was taken at bedtime.  When I woke up after taking the third dose, I had blisters on the outer labia.  Late that night, while on an hour+ drive home from a nearby city, I was in severe pain.  The blisters got worse, severe headache, severe backache, chills and all over aches like the flu.  During the drive, I felt so bad I was praying for my life so I could continue to raise my children, even though I do not believe in god!  It is now the next day after that horrendous drive.  My blisters continue to worsen; my entire pubic area is sore, itching and burning; and I have developed a swollen lump on each side of my pubic area that is extremely tender and painful.  I have not taken my temperature but I'm sure I have one.  I feel like I have the flu plus all the gynecological problems.  I'm no doctor, but I highly urge any woman on this med that they discontinue use IMMEDIATELY upon ANY gynecological disturbances, no matter how minor you think they might be.  The goose eggs in my bikini area continue to grow and become more tender.
I had no side effects from the medication and tolerated it very well.
Immediately after beginning treatment I experienced heartburn and nausea that would come in waves all day long.  Due to this, I lost 6 pounds in a 3 week period (worrisome because I am a normal weight).  About a week and a half later the nausea started to subside, but then I noticed I was feeling very stimulated. It was as if I could actually feel energy rushing in my body, and had to keep moving or get up and do something with myself. Soon after this began, I started experiencing trembling and tremors/twitches in my hands, arms, legs, feet, and neck.  Generally the tremoring subsides when I am up and moving, (e.g. walking), but when I start to relax (e.g. sitting or lying down) I tend to feel it more.  At first there was a twitch here and there, but now it happens very frequently and all over.  No sexual side effects noted yet.
Weight gain large weight gain, dry mouth, even when I am exhausted I cannot sleep with out this combination of drugs. I am worried about the side effects that may acure which the doctor explained, liver fuction altered, diabetes, seizures, weight gain.
Stinging when first applied, lasting approximately 15 minutes, and some redness.
I have not experienced any side effects.
not all of my symtoms are gone
There were no side effects to the treatment except that it worsened my breakouts.  However, it did nothing to take down the flares even after three months of treatment.  Soon after I stopped using it, my skin improved.  So now, I choose to use an exfoliation product and a separate over the counter acne treatment product.
Increased anxiety
Bad Nightmares, Woke up feeling groggy, irritable the whole day, throwing up, general feeling of sickness. Ruined my whole day.
None that I have experienced. These are supposedly one of the least invasive painkillers on the market.
i still feel very tired, no motivation, cant work, my body mind and feelings are numb, everything is still a struggle. ive tried talking to my gp about changing my meds but they say if i change i could get worse!!
i have a chronic sinusitis condition. my throat and vocal abilities get affected change of season . i took allegra to alleviate the condition on the prescription of a doctor.the condition improved slowly.sleepiness, drowsiness, lethargy
I had only mild side effects such as oily stools and I couldnt hold it I just had to go when I felt like it
None
None were encountered thus ensuring compliance as stated above.
vomiting
Skin became a little bit sensitive to some face washes, moisturisers
The only good point I suppose is that there was no adverse reaction, such as yeast infection or stomach upset. The downside was the bacterial infection quickly got worse.
Hair loss Extreem and I am having skin problems since i have been taking Arava.This has caused me to be very depressed.
none noted
brain fog, slurring, neurological switching, i.e, right hand dominant at times would switch to left, thyroid malfunction, high FSH levels and very early perimenopause, memory lapses, cognitive dysfunction
When I take the first dose I noticed that I dont have trouble falling asleep. When I take my second dose 3-4 hours later,I am super dizzy. If I need to use the restroom I have to hold on and hurry back to bed.
side effects however ocurred almost straight away on intial dose of 100mg.The worst of which is a constant feeling of tiredness and lack of energy.This has not subsided even after a year of taking this medaction. Other side effects i have experienced are blurred vision and on the rare occasion mild muscle spasms.I also have found this drug to be addictive with a feeling of nervousness mixed with mild depression if a dose is missed.
Drowsiness - should only be taken at bedtime.  Not safe to drive while when medication has been taken.


intensifies effects of alcohol.
I was a zombie. Some aspects of this subsided over the first year, however others did not. My vocabulary suffered horribly and never really recovered. I went from being a very well spoken person to someone struggling to grasp some words over three letters. Coworkers even mentioned to me that they noticed this effect. My memory suffered horribly as well. I would have to cut back on my dosage during exam times (I was in school as well as working at the time). There seemed to be absolutely no way for me to memorized the volume of work I needed to while on this drug.





The sleepiness I experienced was awful. This diminished somewhat but never entirely over the four years I took it. A couple of times I had to pull over while driving; staying awake seemed to be out of my control entirely. The sleepiness was overwhelming at times. I once fell asleep while speaking one on one with a coworker. While on Neurontin I also had an annoying tendency to forget what I was saying mid-sentence--very embarrassing in a professional setting. Since abandoning Neurontin and switching to Lamictal I no longer have this problem.
I would wake up with a very hoarse voice.  Usually, the hoarsness would disappear during the day, but sometimes my voice would crack when I spoke.  Also, your throat is dry and irratated.  It's almost like you feel like you're getting a bad sore throat but it never quite turns into one.  My mouth was a little dry, but hardly noticable.
The most obvious side effect for me was difficulty sleeping.  


Hard to take but I knew that it would be temporary and I knew that I would rather have spotty sleep for as much as a few weeks in trade for not smoking ever again.


The difficulty sleeping didn't last long into the treatment, though.  A week maybe.  


I remember reading about other side effects like a dry mouth, but the most alarming one is possible seizures.  Talk to your doctor.
none
none
Horrific nausea and feelings of body shock when a dose is missed.  If I could have chosen a different drug when I started, i would have done so.  The withdrawal effects are so bad that I may be on this drug for years to come just to avoid the pain of withdrawals.
the only side effect that i had was that on occaison it made me groggy the next day but not all the time.
Chapped lips, dry skin, sensitivity to light.
no side effects of any kind was experienced,neither when premarin was taken on its own or when combined with provera.The patient was even reluctant to discontinue the drugs at the Doctor's recommendation after so many years of use,also due to a concern about osteporosis which is in the family.Patient is in exellent health after having used the drugs for about 20 years!
Some lethargic tendencies and drowsiness at times when taken for anxiety attack. Also, I am addicted to it. I can not sleep witout Azor.
lethargy, loss of appetite.
could not use as prescribed -daily at night after thoroughly washing skin. My skin became dry, redness, and sore/ chapped.
I was warned about blood pressure, kidney, and liver problems, I was told to look out for the shakes and a general feeling of being "on speed".  I admit the only side effects I felt was a slight case of feeling light headed, I found I had a lot more energy.
None
None
Dryness is most visible around the corner of the mouth and also both cheeks. Sometimes itching


but recover after applying light moisturizer.
There were no side effects.
ED, ejaculation when urinating, dry mouth, stomach upsets, sweating/increased temperatures, Chills and Fevers & difficulty breathing at 9th month problems with right lung side and had to request Dr to stop. Suffered Effusion on the right side,Dry Eyes,
None.
None were experienced at the time. there are side affects, but as i didn't really take the drug unless i couldn't cope this did not really seem to affect me. I tried to deal with the pain so that i could monitor if i was beginning to feel better or not.
Turned me into a zombie, incaple of feeling pleasure or any positive emotions at all.
none
I went back to my dermatologist who recommended I take a stronger dosage which is when I took th 90 mg. After about 4 or 5 days I broke out in huge welts of hives. Very severe. I went to the urgent care unit and they prescribed me with steroids and zantac. The next day it just kept getting worse. My whole face itched then my lips got puffy over night. My arms are peeling and are swollen with hives. It spread throughout my body and with all the benedryl and steroids and zantac I've been taking, nothing seems to help! It's extremely irritating and I am miserable.
There have been no side effects to my knowledge.  I do realize that if I do not take the medicine as indicated that I get tired more frequently and feel slugish.  I am concerned that there may be a better alternative to taking synthroid.  I have heard of medicine that can be taken in two pill form and that may better correct the thyroid imbalance.
None.
Within 1 week of taking this drug my Grandmother almost died.  She started hearing voices talking to her telling her they were gona kill her & her family she stopped eating/going to the bathroom, she tried running away 2x.  etc....She was admitted to the hospital and taken off of the aricept it has been 1 week in the hospital she would just lay there looking like she wasnt even alive still talking to the voices she heard.... & just yesterday she started coming back to reality/her normal self, i would NOT recommend this drug to anyone it almost killed her.
The treatment side effects included drying of the skin in the areas that the product was applied.
none
I had to stop increasing the dose of Topamax when I reached 225mg because I experienced peripheral neuropathy in my fingertips and also blurred vision.  I am now taking 150 mg topamax and 225mg elavil hs.
Severe hallucinations and nightmares. I suffered from these for about two days after my last dose. This was the only medication I was taking at the time because I could not hold anything on my stomache.
Dizziness tiredness insomnia sweats feelin on another planet ! Felt very frightened as I was shaking and was not sure of how i was feeling at the time.
none
I get a bit irritable when the medication wears off for about 30 minutes.  I also feel quite tired during this time.
None - i experienced no side effects and was very happy with the results. Will use this product again if i need to.
The only side effect was a dry mouth.This was mildly annoying, but not serious.
none
Mild headache first three days. Increased intake of water and asprin 325 mg, one as needed seemed to help. Headache resolved third day of Levaquin use.
None that I am aware of.
Gas headaches high blood pressure. Overall feeling of severe agitaion( really want to hit or break something)
Weakened libedo.  Other than that, no other side effects are experienced.
I feel kind of spacey for about an hour after I take it.  Do not recommend driving, or trying to think or make decisions during this time.





In addition, I am worried about getting hooked on it.  I find now that I am taking these pills more often.  Also, I notice that now I cannot tolerate headache pain without these pills... same pain as before only now I just can't handle it at all.
None
I had nobody to take me to my doctors' offices, so I had to drive myself around. The sedation side effect was very strong on me, and I could not drive safely. My friends also made comments that my responsiveness had gone a lot worse at that time.  By the third week into taking Lexapro, I had to call my doctor and requested to have a different drug in replacement.
none
Mild.
There were two side effects to the drug. The first side effect was that I was very drowsy. I knew that this would be a side effect and so that is why I took the medication about a half hour to an hour before bed. Another side effect was an increase in appetite. I gained a few pounds because of an increase in appetite.
I did not feel any side effects. my doctor regularly takes a blood test to make sure that there are no unseen effects but that did not happen for me.
I felt jittery at first. I also had excessive salivation for several weeks. These side effects passed after three weeks. Sexual I had more difficulty gaining an erection and it was very difficult reaching orgasm.
I did not notice it myself but my husband told me I became rather 'cool', less sensitive.
My face skin got a bit too dry, but manageable with lotion and drinking lots of water.
The most uncomfortable was tingling in my arms and legs. Otherwise it was the general feeling that foreign drugs were in my body as I do not usually take any kind of drugs.
Perhaps a little dizziness to begin with. As far as stuffy nose, I get sinus infection in the winter, so no way to tell if drug is affecting that.
I had no reportable side effects though I might sneeze a couple of times after treatment and sometimes have mild sinus drainage, I assume of the drug itself.
im having the dizzyness but im also having a lot of hot sweats
well tolerated--none
extreme fatigue; 38 LBS weight gain; mood swings; muscle weakness; excessive sleep; irritability; intolerance to excersise; tiredness and heaviness all over the body; brain forg; slow reactions
I did not have any side effects
AWFULL! shedding skin,cracking lips,dry eyes,nose bleeds,depression,splitting cuticals,bad breath(from dry mouth0.The worst was the bone? pain. All my joints,knees,hips,wrists,fingers felt like they were grinding? I was in my 20's when I was taking Accutane & working as a bartender. From the constant washing of hands,peeling-squeezing of citrus,alcohol spilling on them; the cuticale dryness/cracking was torture-but paled in comparision to the aching pain in my hands & hips at the end of a shift.
I personally had no side effects. This is a low dose tetracycline antibiotic, so you should avoid the sunlight and tanning beds while taking it.  It's typical side effects are the same as any antibiotic.
no side effects that i could recognize, pretty common.
The most common side effects are reactions at the injection site, which I have had, especially at the beginning of treatment. These are redness, a lump or firmness, soreness, or itching at the site of injection. Once I developed a permanent depression at an injection site, which is caused by a localized destruction of fat tissue. Some patients (I never have) develop a short term reaction experienced immediately after injecting this medicine. This reaction  includes a feeling of warmth and/or redness known as flushing, chest tightness or pain with heart palpatations, anxiety, and trouble breathing. These symptoms may last a few minutes then go away by themselves without any further problems. Each package of Copaxone contains a complete list of possible side effects, or you may obtain this list from your doctor or pharmacist.
I did not experience any side effects.  My doctor is very hesitant to give me the generic version as there are many cmplaints that the generic version does not relive symptoms.
I had no side effect with the treatment.  The only drawback was the need to eat within 30 minutes of taking the medication.  There were times when an unavoidable delay in the mealtime made it necessary to eat something else in the interim.
The only side effect that I had from taking Chantix wa the nausea
none that I recall - was before claritin became OTC.  I really liked taking the claritin because I had no side effects, unlike some other allergy medicines I had taken earlier, and unlike some OTC I had tried earlier.  When taking the Claritin I felt that I was not really taking anything.  It was just easier to go about my daily routine and enjoy sports a lot more. I have really appreciated how Claritin has helped me.
Constipation mainly.  I didn't gain or lose weight.  A little dry eyes and mouth.  I did have several colds the second year so it may have lowered my immunity.  These side affects was worth the benefits for me
I did not experience any side effects to speak of
There were several side effects worth noting.  First of all, the Lexapro caused serious lethargy and loss of energy.  Taking the pill at night rather than in the morning helped with this side effect, as did the addition of Wellbutrin.  Weight gain also occurred, as well as a severe decrease in libido.  When weaning off of the Lexapro, severe dizziness occurred.
It took two days before any of the symptoms got better
muscle pain, loss of mobility, depresion, headaches i was admitted to hospital with chest pains, thought to be heart problems, it was caused by the tightening of my chest muscles.
I had diahrea and some stomach upsets....While i wasn't taking it for my acne, it seemed to have helped it. However, the Diahrea is something i've had with most antibiotics. I countered it by having acidophilus supplements, which worked really well.
Patient occasionally feels a bit shakey.
Drowsiness.  Both the Lexapro and the Cymbalta makes me tired during the day, neccesitating a nap.
slight cough, especially at night
Weight gain, loss of interest in creative activities, loss of interest in sex, loss of interest in work, inability to work, inability to feel or think or behave beyond the very basic requirements of living.
I can't really comment on the side effects of this sleep-aid. I haven't had the pleasure of yawning.
impotence
Sleepiness and increased fatigue during the day.
I do not feel that I experienced any truly negative side effects or have any adverse reactions to the Flexeril.  If I was tired, the muscle relaxing effect would end up making me sleepy, and if I took it right before going to sleep it might be a little harder to wake up in the morning. But, to me it seems like that just meant it was doing what it was intended to do.
While the drug did give the desired effect, I was groggy and tired.  The worst side effect would be that I had short-term memory loss during when I took it.  I would see notes that I took at the time and not remember writing them and had trouble remembering the details of conversations I had at the time.
None.
none
One of the most unfortunate side effects of all tricyclic antidepressants for many people is weight gain.  I was 'lucky' that I did not gain weight, but I was almost totally unable to lose weight despite diligent nutrition and exercise.





The medication also increased my heart rate.  I was unable to take it at night (which is the common prescribing practice) as the accelerated heart rate would keep me awake.  Taking it in the AM seemed to work around this problem but may have caused some daytime fatigue/sleepiness (this is why is it usually prescribed to be taken at night).
Side effects included mild nausea and shakiness. These side effects disappeared after about two weeks.
Breakthrough bleeding, headaches, extreme breast tenderness, breakouts.
Pt became anxious, crying, screaming. Couldn't sit still. Started talking and couldn't make sense of his words. HR and BP increased. Eventually , sedation kicked in. Patient fell asleep.
Thyroid problem,paininswollowing.


High blo The doctor gave me a shot of cortazone.that quickly reduced . I was sent for therapy for about ten visits. I was also prescribed celebrex. However the celebrex actually made me feel worse. My heart was racing and it hurt my throat when I swallowed. It felt like I had a marble logged in my throat.my blood pressure was sky rocketing. The pain was gone but I felt terrible. od pressure
Staggering and running into objects in the house when I got up, wanting to sleep 18 hours a day, weight gain of 30 lbs in the short time I took it confusion, clouded thinking, forgetfullnes which increased the longer I was on the medication.  The confusion, being in a daze part was the worst.  I couldn't remember where my Doctor's office was located and I live in a small town and less that two miles from his office.  My thinking cleared up as soon as I stopped taking the Seroquel.  This was an awful medication for me.
After nine weeks liver function test was abnormal - GGT, ALT, AST [liver function indicators] more than doubled - also loss of libido 


Congestion in the lungs and frequent coughing [said to be from the Coversyl] 





My sister who had muscle weakness on Lipitor, is already getting cramps [on 40 mgm dose of] Crestor after only eight months.
Sleep-eating, and night-time snacking.  Definitely stimulates appetite shortly (w/in 30 mins) after taking.  I do not have this side-effect with other sleep preparations.
The Side effects I experienced were minimal such as dizzyness, or lightheaded but addding a little food before my dose would most of time cure the side effects.
I experienced very noticeable hair loss when washing my hair.  It seemed to go away after about 2 weeks, but this could also be when I lowered my daily total dose from 1200mg to 800mg.


When I again started taking 1200mg total per day, my hair loss seems to have returned.
Severe depression, mood swings, weight gain, longer period, yeast infections, and numerous other effects.
Fatigue, and possible water retention.  I, nor my doctor monitored water retention or weight gain, but I am fairly self-aware.  The doctor did mention possible fatigue and/or nausea.
mild eye irritatation that gradully got worse over the period of 12 months
There were not side effects
A few days after use my skin started peeling where I had been using the cream. The cream had an unpleasant odor.
I have not had any side effects with this medicine, however I worry about it's long-term use and possible future side effects.
nausea- I forgot to eat enough before taking the dose, and by the time I though tof it the nausea had settled in. It took a couple of hours to wear off.
No side effects from valium,side effects from paxil were ,feeling off balance,sharp pains in the eyes,sexual disfunction. Finally went off paxil.
I always experiencing oily bowel movement. I starved too much.
there were no side effects
Unlike other antidepressants with numerous side effects, this med had no internal side effects.  The only complaint I had with this med was the skin irritation at the application site.  This I treated with moisturizers and hydrocortisone creams.
The mild side effects I experienced included fatigue and the abdominal bloating and intestinal tract upset that commonly accompanies any antibiotic treatment.  It would be helpful if the Patient Education information sheet included commentary about this phenomenon and instructions regarding using yogurt or supplements to prevent digestive difficulties.
Gained 10 kilos
Nearly died after a severe asthmatic reaction to this drug.  My OB prescribed this for me after Procardia XL caused me to have horrible headaches and nausea.  DO NOT take this drug if you have asthma.
some sluggishness in the early morning, and sometimes an overall sense of dehydration, but that can be countered with drinking lots of fluids.
Mild tiredness, sensitivity to bright sunlight, and mild joint aches. Some slight difficulty sleeping and tenderness particularly in finger joints.
There seem to beno side effects it produces ulceration of the skin where there are changed cells but this is how the drug works
COMPLETE loss of libido. That's why I discontinued the treatment.
Before I started using the drug I had none of the classic symptoms of Crohn's Disease (loose bowel movements, abdominal pain, etc.), but these side effects started when I started taking the drug, and subsided when I stopped. Also, I developed other side effects while using the drug, including low-level nausea, loss of appetite and headaches.
treatment was only to right eye; lashes got noticeable thicker
I sometimes feel nausea (May also be due to migraine itself). I get sonstipated
There were no noticeable side effects to this drug.
Crazy vivid dreams
None
My skin became very red and dry and was difficult to cover-up while it was healing.  Skin also became itchy as it was dry and tight.  My skin is normally very resilient and I get chemical peels and use Obaji products.
none
Peeling and flaking.  Also my skin became red if I went  was outdoors even with sun block
none
There were no treatment side effects.
Slight breast enlargement, I did not suffer from other side effects written in drug's leaflet.
Local irritation due to the adhesive,dry mouth,mild constipation,mild memory loss,slowed motor responses
Horrible caugh day and night for over a month,tiredness,lack of energy,head felling spacey,dizzyness upon laying down,no interest in sex,and most of all extreme chest pain, pain down both arms and hands.
I had severe suicidal thoughts, severe depression and feelings of isolation, and absolutely no motivation for life.  FDA has issued statement that patients are twice as likely to experience suicidal thoughts/ideation on this drug than on placebo.  Unfortunately, I was on this drug for 15 months before this information was released and an additional 7 months before I read about it.  My psychiatrist (outside the U.S.) was not notified about this potential side effect.  I feel like I lost almost two years of my life.
Night sweats. waking up too early. Getting unrefreshed sleep every other night
I did not experience any adverse effects when I took this drug. The only effect that I experienced was that it made my fever go down and cured my tonsilits. However, I know of people who do not react well with Amoxicillin and  are allergic to it. I do not know what sort of adverse effects they might have experienced.
Only one I noticed was waking up feeling like I'd had bad dreams.  I didn't realize it was a side effect until reading about it later.  A few bad dreams was well worth the results.
There were no treatment side effects from me taking Tylenol for my headache.
The only side effects were increased weight gain and increased hypoglycemia in the late evenings/early mornings.  The side effect is because Lantus has a 22 hour duration after injection and as a result whenever I experience a greater than usual amount of activity, my insulin sensitivity increases dramatically.
There was at least a six months adjustment period as the medicine was slowly increased.  I had to learn my limits in activities and stict to them.  No medicine works wonders without FAITH.
The side effect has been a slight decrease in my metabolism. I gained 5 pounds within 3 weeks of starting the medication. But, the benefit greatly outweighs this minor side effect. A purposeful increase in daily exercise has helped to prevent further weight gain.
Skin rash over 70% of body
None
I was not affected by any side effects while taking Zoloft.  When I felt able to encounter my day without the antidepressant, I weaned myself off of the drug with a decreasing dosage and had no side effects.
literally none...some mild itching at injection site
none that i know of at the present time.But i donot know what damage it has done if any to any of my internal orgins
GAIN WEIGHT (60 pnds) fron 125 lbs to 180 lbs (5'4"). Lazyness, sugar and candy cravings, depression form gain weight, sleep a lot, no concordance, No sex, confussion, nightmares, moody, constinspation at the begginng, face breakouts, intolerance, short of breath, headeach..among others.
Unable to take late afternoon into evening. Caused difficulty sleeping.
Gastric upset, appetite suppression. Plethoric completion in areas as well as pockets of acne.
soda tasted horrible, and I had an extreme loss of appetite. No matter how badly I wanted to I was unable to eat more than a few bites of food. This caused me to lose 25 pounds, dropping me to 5'6 and under 100 pounds. Worse than the effect on my diet was how it effected my cognitive processes. I became unable to think clearly. Solving problems in my head was nearly impossible. Complete loss of focus and concentration. Extreme forgetfulness. Inability to structure sentences properly.  Very emotional, which is highly uncharacteristic of me.
As stated before I had no treatment side effects.
So far no side effects at all, none.
frequent urination


fatigue


tender breasts
I suffered from a dry throat, sore throat, and stuffy nose.  My nose seemed to get too dry.  But it still felt congested.  It just didn't run as much.  Also, my bronchial tubes had a hard time dilating at times and I wheezed.  It did not lessen my asthma symptoms even though I didn't have bouts of asthma on a regular basis. I don't think I had any other side effects.
none
nausea, vaginal discomfort (dryness)
none that i know. well ask about. or re-read. Even if i feel a little spacey, it's not so much that i can't function. It actually may be the combination of the bupropion.
the only problem for me has been that colds tend to turn nasty and last a lot longer i always have the flu jabs now
blood clotting times would vary tremendously and required frequent testing to determine dosage adjustments.  Sometimes clotting times would need to be checked weekly or more often.
Although it is supposed to have a side effect of diarrhea I have been fortunate.  I make sure I take with food.  Sometimes if I dont have enough food on my stomach it may cause some upset but nothing terrible.  Otherwise I have not had any other side effect.s
Drowsy for the first year, I would fall asleep ANYWHERE!!
None
Dry mouth, 


initial constipation for about one month


slightly elevated heart rate
Sharon complained of severe chest pain from the pills around 8:30 at night.  She was also on a lot of other medications and I think the combination of medicines put her into heart attack and she passed away.
None
Extremely dry skin - flaking and patchy around mouth and chin. Although the peeling wasn't as bad as with regular Retin-A, the redness and flaking skin affected my appearance.  My skin is too sensitive and I could not consider using this product on a long term basis.
None, other than those stated above in the treatment benefits.
Sever redness and scaling occurred especially around the chin and the cheek, which could not be covered with makeup.  Mild itching sensation was a little disturbing to focus at work.
gradually got more and more sedated during the day.  I functioned as though my IQ had dropped about 30 points.  It kinda dumbed me down until I was screwing up at work--forgetting details, working slowly, not able to focus, etc.  Also, I became very unassertive--not like me at all. When I realized what was happening, I went off it--and had a significant withdrawal reaction--shaking, extremely anxious, really weird.  The withdrawal reaction subsided in a couple of days.
I didnt have any side effects to the treatment.
Sometimes I felt nausea, except that, there was no other significant side effect.
wt. loss at first
He had fairly severe nausea, diarrhea and cramps almost immediately after switching to the higher does of Aricept. The side effects were so severe, the medication had to be discontinued.
The symptoms I had were one of feeling spacey, dizzy and slightly nauseous and I couldn't take these at work where I felt the most anxiety. These symptoms seemed to last what felt like quite a while at least 2 to 3 hours after taking them but in all honesty most anti anxiety and depression meds have little positive effect.
My whole body ached I had severe stomachaches and headaches. I turned into a zombie all I did was stare at the wall. It would make me dizzy and at times I wouldn't know where I was at. I was scared to be on it, but I wasn't in my right mind to be able to take myself off of it. I took a blade one night and slashed both my arms up and hid the fact that I did it. I started to take myself off the medication. When I was able to think straight I admitted to people I know what I had done to my arms. Other then my ankle pain I felt 100% better off of Tramadol. I believe that if I were to stay on Tramadol I would have done something much worse. Since being off of this medication I realize how that person then wasn't me. That scared me more then anything ever. Doctor's need to monitor patients much more closely on Tramadol. I can't imagine that there are a lot of people with my reaction to it but I can't imagine even one other person having an adverse reaction like I did.
I had severe black eyes and brusing after first round of injections and loss of the eye lid crease in my left eye. The bruising took two weeks to completely clear and the lost lid crease never completely returned to normal so is being monitored by my physician and the manufacturer of the Dysport since this was an unusual outcome.
I had dry mouth that no amount of liquid intake appeased and I had trouble sleeping but Im not sure that was the medication or the fact  that I had a problem breathing which could keep me up.
Experienced extremely severe rash, swelling and itching over entire body requiring emergency care.  New doctor said "I would never prescribe Norvasc to anyone in a million years."  Put her back on Lisinapril 10 mg.  Rash is dissipating and she is now doing well.
None that I am aware of
No side effects.
Within 30 minutes of taking my first dose of imitrex (on Christmas eve) when I felt the onset of my migraine, I began to feel a heavy, cramping feeling in my muscles like I had slept the wrong way. Then my back began to ache and my joints began to cramp up and throb. My chest felt heavy and I had trouble breathing and remembering to breath. My throat and neck hurt so back and it felt like i had strained it or pulled a muscle. My train of thought was messed up and I could not concentrate or form full comprehensive sentences. There was nothing I could do so I just waited it out, towards the end (nearly 4 hours later) I tried eating and my salivary glands went crazy! I felt like I was drinking and eating scalding hot food, it was crazy! I will NEVER take that again. I called my doctor and she moved me immediately to MAXALT, IT IS GREAT, I LOVE IT. I have other allergies so it is no surprise to me that I had a reaction, but the severity was shocking. Don't settle for a medication that makes you feel only half good.
Some dryness and peeling around my nose and chin. Redness to my face the first two weeks.
No side effects at all.
memory loose, I am dependent on the drug and look forward to when I can take it.  I not only experience memory loose @ the time of the dose but have also noticed were I cannot recall a week of activities.
Vivid Dreams, sleep walking, blurred vision.
I was very tired, having to nap daily. Also missing a dose or forgetting to take it about the same time daily caused withdrawl syptoms of nausea and extreme dizziness.
I experienced blood when I would blow my nose and dryness in the nasal cavities. I also experienced palpitations, which are not a listed side effect. This was the only medication I was on and when I stopped using it the palpitations abated.
Treatment side effects included dryness, itchiness and sensitivity to the sun
Side effects are not a big deal.. I mean mainly it caused me to take longer ejaculating more then anything, so thats really the only side effect I had, so for me it wasnt that big of a deal, since I can go without out sex for like the longest, didnt bother me at all. But even so after your body becomes adjusted to Zoloft, that side effects eventually just leaves.
At first, very vivid and biazarre nightmares and dreams.  These gradually became less severe and less violent or frightening and now I dream normally (for me) and have no other side effects that I have become aware of yet.
none
It was really hard for me to fall asleep during the treatment. And I felt dizzy. My sister had also taken Augmentin (22 years old),  but she had to stop using it after the first tablet because her skin was red and puffy all over. It lasted for 4 days.
Slight headache, in the scalp area and forhead, but very slight.
None so far.
I threw up the first dose, which was two tablets,approximately one hour after taking it.  I also experienced headaches for one to two hours after taking the cipro  for first few days.  Other than that, I just kept getting better, day by day.
I had a bipolar event.  Mood improvement to hypomania to mania over a period of 2 weeks.  Then a crash to sobbing and suicidal ideation 3 days later.  This happened when I started on 300 mg/day after 2 weeks.  No prior history of bipolar illness.
None that I can tell.
A little bit of sleeplessness at first. I take Vyvanse in the morning at around 5:30 to fix this. I just set my alarm, take the pill with a glass of water, and go back to sleep for an hour. I then wake up around 7 without any problems.
ACNE.  Horrible acne that starts deep in the skin and comes in clusters.  I never had acne before this.  I stopped this drug a few times, and the acne cleared up immediately.  I have to find something to clear this up, or I will have to stop taking it for good.  I started acne drugs listed above with no effect.  This is terrible, Nuvigil works so good, but my skin looks dreadful.  Clusters of gross looking acne, each is a big bump of different sizes.
I DIDN'T REALLY NOTICE ANY MAJOR SIDE EFFECTS.  I WOULD SAY THAT MY THROAT BECAME A LITTLE SCRATCHY AND MAYBE THE VAGINAL AREA BECAME A LITTLE MORE SENSITIVE.
I had no real side effects unless you consider lack of fear or worry one.
My peroid lasted 9 days.  My personality also changed, I was very irritable and angry.
Even though I took Mobic as directed with food and/or milk, it made me extremely nauseous, which was more debilitating to me than the whiplash pain I was experiencing.  I stopped taking it after 1 week and was immediately no longer experiencing nausea.
mild hair loss
HORRIBLE VERTIGO AND ALL OVER TREMORS THE NEXT MORNING
Good side effect of being able to sleep better.  Have used it since for this reason.  Also helped with "restless leg syndrome".  Somewhat negative side effect that happy emotions were also muted.
I experienced a number of side effects without even connecting it to the pill.  Once I read about all the side effects online it was an "ah ha" moment.  Weight gain --I am a runner and eat well and I have gained 10 pounds in six months.  I workout 5-6 times a week and didn't change my diet and couldn't figure it out.  I look forward to losing those extra lbs!  Acne --TERRIBLE acne.  I've never had a problem with my skin and my face exploded.  I had big cysts on my cheeks.  I also experienced night sweats.  I cannot recommend Seasonique.
The only noticeable side effect was that I became drowsy when taking the drug and  had to lay down throughout the day.  As I was unable to work under these conditions,  I did not have to perform usual task, therefore it is hard to measure what I would or would not have been able to do while taking the pain killer.
Insomnia and ringing in the ears upon first taking the medication. After about a week or two these side effects diminished or disappeared completely
none, but since it is a brand name drug, my copay is $50
Major drowsiness. Every time a took the pills, it made me extremely sleepy. This made me unable to drive, do heavy activies, or even hold a conversation. Also, if I taken the pill when I have had nothing to eat for a while, it seem to make me sick for a short period of time, roughly 30 mintues up to a hour and a half. I never became dizzy or anything else.
No side affects where apparent - however due to communication difficulties this is hard to assess
I experienced severe pain in my muscles and joints. I was very active when I started the medication and shortly after taking the Lipitor, it became difficult to get out of bed and my activity level significantly lowered because of the pain.  After I stopped taking the Lipitor, most of the pain stopped.  The muscle pain is gone, but some of the joint pain has continued.
No side effects.  Her only complaint was that it did not work as well as she thought it would
After 2nd and 3rd infussion: Itchy scalp and bumps like a pimples in scalp soon turned into lessions(dried patches/scabs). Itchy rash/bumps on chest. Night sweats, warm to touch but no tempature.  Waited to get 4th infussion Doctor said not related to Remicade (not true)  Recieved 4th infussion 7-9 weeks later discontinued remicade.





Developed full body rash,hives,pustular psoriosis looking rash on palms and soles. (Very itchy) In between fingers and toes.  


Different looking rash on shins and legs. Really red and itchy after showers.  


Genital bumps/dryness, cracks in vaginal area and buttocks.  


Major hair loss on top of scalp and throughout scalp. 


Ear problems, ringing, crusty scabs and drainage with an odor.  


Swollen lymphnodes behind ears and groin.


Swollen ankles and feet.  Joint pain. Heart palpitations


Tiredness,anxiety,depression and mood swings.


All of these symptoms have been in a cycle rash looks like its going away and comes back before it's gone.  Hair is still falling.  This is all during a 2 month period.
There were no apparent side effect from using this treatment.
If I take 10mg I occasionally experience a mild headache the next day, so I usually take about 7.5mg.  Other than that, no side effects except that I have said and done things that I don't remember.  This is not a problem is I just go to bed after taking it.
The treatment had very severe side effects : Extreme confusion - getting lost on the way home from work, mixing days up, not remembering how to do easy tasks like checking email. Emotional Changes - she would say "I think I am crazy" and cry.
Severe dizziness and nausea
none
For the first 2 or 3 days I was hungry all the time, I think I've gained weight.  I'm on day 5, and now I feel bloated and full, have a little heartburn, food doesn't taste right, and bad taste in mouth.  When I belch or pass gas it smells terrible.  I wouldn't call it diarrhea, but I'm going more often, and it's just weird.  I'll finish the drug, but I don't think I'd take it again.
Vicodin 500mg.- some drowsiness


Dexameth 4mg.- hot flashes, flushed face,insomnia


Compazine 10mg.- none


Taxotere- hairloss, very dry skin, some gum bleeding, tiredness, metalic taste in mouth, short term memory loss, confusion, liver toxin level increasing.


Cytoxan- ? since I receive the Taxotere at the same time I'm not sure which side effects are which.


Neulasta shot- extreme bone pain
The only side effect for me is just a muscle pain for just only 3 days.
None
It can sometimes cause nausea. At the start of treatment it was bad but now it only happens if I miss a dose then the next one will cause nausea.  The first couple of months I saw a very slight drop in weight but I am not sure if the Byetta caused this.
None so far
the side effects of taking finasteride 2.5mg per day for six month period were feeling dehydrated, having dry mouth. Especially in the morning. I also experienced a lower libido than normal. I also experienced a lower level of energy throught the day. the side effects were not extreme and did go away after discontinuing the treatment.
headaches, minimal breakthrough bleeding, weight gain minimal
The side effects were scary, and I was not prepared for them. The second day I was on it I became very dizzy, nauseous, shaky, lightheaded and sweaty. It happened so quickly that I got scared and had to leave work. The next day I was still shaky and dizzy, but not as bad as the day before. I remained nauseous, shaky, and dizzy for the remainder of the treatment. Doctors and pharmacists should warn patients of these possible side effects so they can prepare for them if necessary. Also, let your work know you are on this so they expect a change in you during your treatment. Take with food because the taste is awful.
I have had no side effects; I'm lucky that way.
none that I was aware of
I didn't observe any significant side effects aside from a little bit of dry mouth which is alleviated by drinking some water.
I had no treatment side effects.
the treatment resulted in augmentation of restless legs and induced weekly migraines. this required three additional medication to manage the side effects.


these medications also had side effects.
I had a moderate tinnitus which became severe as soon as I started to take the drug. I will stop taking the medication.
I did not experience any adverse side effects from the zithromax.  I was experiencing fatigue, nausia, sleeping problems and other typical flu or cold symptoms, but I think that was mostly due to the infections not the zithromax.
I have had none of the side effects listed except for the "may cause drowziness" which is the whole reason I am taking trazadone.
I have experienced NO side effects other than feeling high, a little off-balance, and sleepy. I actually take the Valium at work and have had NO problems whatsoever,
The side effects of Diovan were so minimal I cannot detect them; however, I cannot take the Diovan HCT because it messes up my eletrolytes and I get leg and foot cramps. I try to follow dosage instructions which recommends that this pill be taken at night before going to bed, if possible.
occaional stomach pains
Sever diarrhea, abdominal pain
Mild constipation
None
(never had any of these sympton prior to taking the drug. Swelling in my knee and ankles (it comes and goes not as much as the first year, very tired all the time, out of breath walking at times, weight gain 45LBS first year on drug, significant increase in sinus infections, constant clear drainage down the back of my throat to the point where it chokes me at night because it backs up in my throat.  The gagging cough makes me feel like Im going to vomit at times and my throat always feels swollen. Voice became hoarse then most recently lost it for three weeks; when throat is swollen have a throat cough that sounds like a seal. Intermittent dizziness and more recently longer periods lasting up to weeks at a time.  Ear ringing and head feels stuffy more often then not.
Photo-sensitive to the sun. In the beginning, a burning sensation. Not to be used around mouth  area.
No major side effects other than it stopped working for my acne after two months so I stopped taking it.  The acne has become worse than ever.  The hair loss returned although at a somewhat diminished rate than pre-Minocycline. The one remaining benefit is that the tonsil stones have not returned. It has been approximately one month since I discontinues use of the antibiotic.
None
When Zyrtec became over the counter and sold this medicine, something was changed in the formula which caused severe hair loss.  After a long process of elimination to find out the cause I stopped Zyrtec and my hair came back.  This also happened to my teenage daughter.
Insomnia , mood swings , worse anxiety and depression , loss of appetite to the point were I forget to eat , extreme iriablility after it wears off , and extreme attacks of anger.
The side effects I experienced while taking Effexor were insomnia, rapid heartbeat and grinding my teeth at night.  Also, I found myself incessantly jiggling my leg while sitting at my desk, watching tv, etc..  All in all, these were minor and as easy trade-off.  The major side effect I noticed was a complete loss of libido and inability to reach orgasm.  Simply put, it was as if a switch had been turned off on my sex drive.  This side effect was the reason I chose to stop taking Effexor.
Vomiting and dehydration
I have been taking this medecine for nearly ten years and haven't had any side effects that I am aware of.
redness, dryness, breakdown of skin
There were really no side effects; perhaps the tiniest of tingling at the ery first couple of applications then none after.
I feel very tired and i have a hard time focusing in class. But I think once i start getting used to this medication the focusing will come back.
none that i know of at the present time.But i donot know what damage it has done if any to any of my internal orgins
For the first few days I definitely had some diarrhea but it wasn't that bad.  Maybe some mild stomach cramping within that period too.  But I ate some yogurt with it before I took it at bedtime which helped curb any intestinal issues.  All of this went away within a week or two of taking it.  I also experienced some cotton mouth feeling and that lasted pretty much the whole time.  It wasn't too bad but noticeable.  I never had any taste disturbances.
none
side effects of treatment very rarely occurred and were minimal, however when I did experience side effects they were as follows : nausea, headache, stomach pain, dizziness, and loss of appetite.
I had none except for a few hot flashes (well past menopause) that went away in the first few weeks.  I have never been a pill-taker for fear of side effects, but this was a good experience.  Fortunately, the initial dose was effective and did not need adjustment.
the amoxicillin gave me some gastrointestinal upset.  After a few days, I had mild diarrhea.  It caused a vaginal yeast infection.  After the regimen was over, I felt more tired that usual.  I think the natural flora in my body was altered and somehow made me feel more tired.  I have taken this medication several times for different infections.  I was concerned about resistance.
None for me, some of the possible side effects are dry nasal passages, nose bleeds, and it could keep you awake if you take it too close to bedtime, but I have not experienced any of those except for 2 or 3 nose bleeds over the course of six or seven years.
Depending on how late I go to bed, and how early I get up in the morning, sometimes would wake up groggy. I would need at least 7-8 hours of sleep to not get groggy.
I found that my blood veins would stick out all down my arms and hands during the next days after the treatment and that these veins would be very painful.  there was an ache throughout my arms and sometimes in my legs due to this sumatriptan.
the side effects are sever for me and include:  rapid weight gain which is next to impossible to loose. Very high cholesterol which requires more medication (20mg lipitor per day)Debilitation sexual side effects: impotence and inability to reach orgasm.  Profuse sweating, indigestion, lethargy.  I am now severely addicted to this medication with no way to get off it. Any attempt to stop taking the medication leads to severe physical and emotional pain.
Initially, I had irritated, red, flaking, peeling skin in the areas I applied the lotion.
The patient was still experiencing anxiety during the minor surgery.  After the procedure was over, the patient experienced wobbly legs and had difficulty paying attention.
Edema, weight gain, round face occurring about 3 weeks into the treatment. Insomnia, headache and hperactivity occurred at 50 mg daily, and subsided when dose decreased to 40 mg daily.


I was first diagnosed with Crohn's in 1980 and at that time not too much was known about effective treatments and so on.  My gastroenterologist at the time prescribed 5mg of prednisone daily for an indefinite period of time. This did not help at all, in fact I became sicker and sicker, lost a lot of weight and had frequent diarrhea and severe cramps all day. I became osteopenic and had a bowel perforation 2 years later.  The perforation was believed to be due to the long term prenisone I was taking.  I had a bowel resection done.  A new Gastroenterologist started me on a new treatment schedule.
Raised sores in mouth; attempted to mitigate side effect by rinsing only area with deepest periodontal pockets using syringe, continued to get sores localized to irrigated region.
Bad heartburn, nausea, and overall ill feeling at times
I experienced hair loss at times.  I wouldn't have an appetite and throw up if I had something to eat. I get terrible mood swings.  In the beginning I would suffer from sleeplessness.  My body would be tired, but my brain wouldn't stop working.  Don't know how to explain it.  I've had a little rash, but nothing serious.  I've been an athlete my whole life, so training and staying in shape is a big thing for me, but since I've been on Lamictal I've gained a considerate amount of weight and not being able to lose it.  I've carried on training, but my weight just stands still, after all my weight gain.  I've managed to lose 5kg's in 3 years and that was an amazing achievement for me.  My weight has made me terribly depressed, since my body isn't accustomed to it.





I went back to my Neurologist, but after driving 400km's and paying R800, he told me that I'm talking nonsense, because Lamictal has never been said to make a patient pick up weight.  There's a first time for everything you know. 





I just don't know what to do, because I just can't carry on like this.  It has affected my cycling, my running, my swimming, but he clearly doesn't give a damn.
no side effects
Period like cramps which increase in severity with increase in dosage. Medication would be more effective if the dosage were increased but I cannot tolerate the cramping which even two extra strength Advil cannot alleviate.
My skin had slight burning the next day as well as a lot of flaking and dryness.  It is very difficult to control the dryness.  I put a lot of moisturizer on it in the morning, but need to reapply it throughout the day.
Very irritable and angry.  Fell into a depression.
For the first few weeks, I experienced dry and flaking skin. This later turned into a burning sensation, which decreased over time.
there were no side effects. these do not cause drowsiness, and one can take them in the day.
I start the dose very small and gradually increased.  I did not have any side effects.
none. i found this drug very effectivewith no side effects what so ever.  i am about to lower the dose to 5mg as a maintenance treatment.  my blood tests proved the effectivness of Crestor.  from  6.5 down to 3.6
We have not seen any side effects.  He is not even made sleepy by this antihisitamine.
Sensitivity to caffeine. Absolutely could not tolerate alcohol. Headaches and an overall "strange" feeling when a pill was missed. Coming off the medication was extremely difficult with the side effects and took several months.
No
Overall feeling of a zombie. I felt lifeless, not necessarily more depressed, but it stripped me of all emotion. Felt drowsy and unbearably sleepy all day, but when I tried to sleep at night, I had severe insomnia.


 My jaw clenched and grinded throughout the entire day. I felt very spacey and loopy. Wanted to sleep all day.
nausea, headache, dizziness, blurred vision, decreased libido. not severe, but also not enjoyable. The symptoms seem to be getting very gradually more noticeable, but it could be due to other things, such as increased stress.
more sensitive skin when getting facials and wax treatement.  The skin became very thin and from now on I have to do eyebrow threading instead of wax.  Also, you have to be very careful in the sun.  I use sunscreen so I haven't had any issues with too much sun.
I felt very depressed on the days after I'd taken the medicine. The anxiety was always replaced with depression.
The side effects were mild but it did slightly lower my ability to determine if I was having an insulin reaction (hypoglycemia). However, once I adjusted to the medication, it was not a problem.
There were no side effects noted.
I was very dizzy on this med.
severe headaches,severe extreme muscle pain in legs from top of legs down to feet. legs feel heavy and hard to the touch plus drastic weight loss off legs. still suffering badly after stopping taking them 5 months ago. the pain in my legs is severe that now i have to take pain killers in the hope of trying to get some sleep, which i dont get alot of due to the severe pain in my legs that these simvastatin has left me with. why in this day n age do they make tablets with so many bad side effects, that alot of people seem suffer.
none
Severe leg cramps, mental fuzziness, weakness, stiff joints.
sleepiness but as time goes by your body adjusts to it. Compared to mood stabilizers and anti psychotic drugs citalopram is a dream drug. You do not gain weight! I have taken most of the usual bi polar meds and felt like a fat zombie. 80mg of cialopram really works.
Yeast infections, stomach upset, fatigue. Strangely enough, it was only after coming off of antibiotics that I developed deep cystic acne. Before I had many small papules/pustules, but they were never very deep. After the antibiotics, the number I would have on my face at one time decreased, but I developed cysts deep under the surface of the skin that would sit there for weeks (never happened before).
no libido what so ever. My breasts hurt like no other... they got bigger and itched because they were so swollen. I couldn't have an orgasm except for durring the 7 day placebo period. I got my period while on the pill and didn't have one durring the off days.
Her side effects were almost immediate thoug it took my husband and I 3 doses (3 days) to figure it out.  For an almost three year old, her moods were fairly predictable.  She was irritable when she was hungry, tired, or needed to poop.  But about 24 hours after her first dose of Cefdinir! Her moods drastically changed to violent, out-of-control, scary, temper tantrums.  To the point where she was biting herself, Banging her head on the wall and hitting and kicking us with all her might.  And when we would try and stop her, it was like she didn't recognize us and would get scared and cry. 





It was disturbing and very upsetting for us a parents. We started doing research the next day and little info on the drug except for druglib.com and the official side effect page. We found drastic mood changes buried in the side effects information and discontinued use.





Our doctor didn't seem that concerned even after we explained the scary details. He prescribed aZ Pack for her symptoms and she has been fine ever since (we have a new doctor now though).
The main side effect I've had is irregular periods.  First it was annoying, not knowing when my period when come.  Then as my period became less frequent, it was actually kind of nice.  However, now I feel like about 15 or 20 days into my cycle I start to bloat like normal, but don;t start or get relief for about another thirty or so days.  So, now I kinda feel like it's bloating or acne to choose from.
Mild drowsiness, sometimes mild nausea.
none at the begining but now i am house-bound with phobias also deppression i do not see any one or talk to people only my old mate
no side effects experienced.
There were no noticeable side effects.
THERE WERE NO NOTICABLE SIDE EFFECTS...SPIRALACTONE ACTS AS A WATER PILL SO THERE WAS AN INCREASE OF URINATION.  THATS ALL...
I developed gas pains in my abdomen where the patch was. I was very bloated and uncomfortable.  I think I gained a couple of pounds too and I had only been using it for a week.
Makes my skin feel a little tingly and makes me tired.
very dry skin that would begin to peel and flake especially during the application of makeup...irritation producing some red spots near the sides of nostril and lips that prevented continued use of product for weeks...twice the application on the upper chest area produced a rash ... the sensivity to sun exposure increased even with strong sun screens thus inhibiting outside activity
The side effects were bad.  I had a racing heart beat, difficulty concentraing and I could not sleep.  And the worst was the headache!  I wish I had taken my blood pressure.  I think it was probably very high.
Disrupted sleep is the only side effect so far.  However, I'm military and deployed, so sleeping well in these conditions is a luxury anyway.  Vivid dreams...I'm remembering my dreams, which is not normal for me.  Occasional nightmare, and frequent waking.
dry mouth, restless,no appitite
drowsiness,lethargy,lack of deep emotions
It was hard to discontinue, I had to quater the tablets, and take 3/4, for 2 weeks, then 1/2 for 2 weeks  then 1/4 for a week before i could get out of it.
I get sleepy and buzzy headed. No other side effects from the medicine.
No side effects were noticed. The outbreak itself usually can have body aches and fever.
Insomnia!  Dry mouth, at 60 mg. urinary retention (potentially very serious!), confusion, blurred reading vision, tight chest, anxiety attack (fast heart rate and fast, shallow breathing), lethargy.
constant :    pulse pounding throughout body, flushed face, odd-looking eyes (dilated), high blood pressure ( systolic range 145-194; ), fatigue, severe insomnia, nervousness, inability to concentrate, mild vertigo (spill, drop, lurch, and fall).


Withdrawal symptoms (fatigue, tinnitus, leg aches) continue after 4 weeks, though improving gradually.


increasing over time :   panic attacks, anxiety
During the first week, my heart rate increased as I increased the dose, but now my heart rate is perfectly normal.  I believe it may have given me a little headache/stomach ache the first week as well, but those are gone now too.
occasional heartburn - treated with Pepcid Complete
weight gain, sleepiness
If taken too late in the day, it can interfere with sleep. It must be carefully controlled as it is addictive. The main side effect I have experienced though was pathological skin picking. I mainly pick at my legs, but the picking sometimes leaves small scars. It also decreases appetite, which means patients must learn new ways to remember to eat or to identify the need to eat. It can also increase blood pressure slightly.
There were no noticeable side effects.
I had no treatment side effects.
The drug made me terribly constipated, which in my opinion, negated the value of the drug. The strain to eliminate was very painful considering the recent surgery.
Severe redness, burning and peeling occurred in the first 6-8 months of use, but gradually dissipated.
caused severe abdominal cramps and bouts of diarrhoea and constipation
The worst, and the reason for d/c'ing, side effect was hot flashes and night sweats that awakened me and interfered with my working.


Secondly, I felt drowsy during the day even on this low (5 mg day) dose. I tried taking at night and the trialed taking it in the AM and experienced no difference in the side effects. 


Both side effects are completely gone now that I have stopped taking it.
There were no negative side effects whatsoever.
Raised blood pressure, during the initial stages when increasing doseage became quite shaky at times and it appeared to be harded to start to walk, muscles seemed to be hesitant. These disappeared when stopped taking.
Initally when I started taking Effoxor it upset my stomach. I was taking in the morning after breakfast so the Dr. suggested taking it before bedtime which solved that problem.  I have been taking it for sometime now and do not remember any other side effects from this mediation.
I was noticing that I was getting


Light headed and had very painful pains


In my tummy at first I put it down to, too many ibuprofen , so i stop taking them but evey time after I took the amoxicillin table i started to feel light head and the pain in my tummy were so survear that I was doubled over in pain
Dry mouth and lips
It is a very strong opioid, which is highly sedating, especially in combination with other drugs that can cause drowsiness. Even though I am very opioid-tolerant, it was still sedating for me.  In addition to causing drowsiness and fatigue, it tends to be highly habit-forming.  Because of the strength and nature of the drug, the human body becomes physically dependent on it, which has a few implications.  First, it loses efficacy over time, meaning you need to keep increasing the dosage over time to maintain the same effectiveness. The other issue with physical dependence is withdrawal.  I had severe physical withdrawal symptoms if I waited too long to change the patch (starting a day or so after I was scheduled to change it and becoming more and more severe with time.)  Several specialists I saw actually recommended hospitalization for controlled dose reduction as the safest way to stop taking fentanyl patches because they cause such severe physical withdrawal symptoms.  I withdrew from it completely 3 times, and suffered severe, debilitating symptoms for the first couple of weeks each time with decreasingly severe symptoms lasting for over a month after I stopped using it.  Although I have never had an issue with psychological dependence on any drug, I think it is important to mention that this one can be very addictive (meaning that those who take it frequently develop a psychological dependence, especially if the user is prone to substance abuse.)
Many listes un the literature, but in my case the worst are intermenstrual bleeding, back pain, laziness, abscense of sexual desire.
Weight gain of 20# in 4 months, continuation of my irritability and mild depression.
The side effects are mild, but excessive sweating is one of them. I seem to sweat a good bit more than I normally did as well as sweat more than other people that I notice. Also night sweats have been a problem from time to time. Constipation can also be a side effect.
I had little motivation, I felt like I was in a daze, my memory was worse
Muscle tension, laziness, daytime sleepiness, avoidant behavior. Lack of creativity - seems like I'm "stuck" in a routine. General irritability.
I experienced slightly more gagging while dry heaving and nausea changed to sickening feeling and more stomach churning.
There were really no side effects; perhaps the tiniest of tingling at the ery first couple of applications then none after.
Twitching nerves for several days afterward.  Difficulty sleeping.
headspins


drowsiness


night terrors 


hair lose


ears ach


mood swings


depression


pins and needles in mornings


see and hear things most of times


pale skin


not enough sleep


hear and see things


sucide thoughts
Vaginal dryness


Loss of sex drive


cervical erosion (doctors, tests and scans comfirmed the pill caused this) 


Painful intercourse


Dry hair


Dry skin


Dry, burning eyes (very dry- now have a chronic condition)


Hair loss


Night sweats 


Hot flashes


Decrease in skin lustre and elasticity
Yes, there are side effects.  Constipation is an issue that requires trying different means to address.  Tradition treatments didn't help, but odd ones that I stumbled on have - like eating raw brazil nuts; now it's home-made chex mix.  NutriSystems food (with high fiber and fillers) really works.





There is a mild, physical addiction property.  Over the ten years that I have used this medication, I have slowly reduced by dosage from 50 mg down to 30 daily.  There was nauseousness and sweating, but I got through it.





When people say that prescription medicine isn't safe, I can only reply that my choices are either laying in bed because the pain is to great, or taking the medication and being able to function.  I am still limited in my physical activity, but I'm working and not constantly focused on the pain.
hyperactivity for up to 8 hrs after taking.
Occasional drowsiness, though this is preferred as I usually need to lie down in a dark place when I have a migraine.
None
1st 2 days had nothing in my head.  No thoughts at all.  Didn't talk because there was nothing to say.  I could understand people talking to me, but didn't have responses.  Kinda groggy. Took a nap on the 1st day, which is something I never do.  In my third week, feel like its stopped working.  Minds not racing like before, but feels like all my thoughts are blurry. Feel very blah, not motivated at all. Could sit all day and do nothing.  Before meds I ran around all day from one thing to the next and not finish anything.  I could be in the middle of folding laundry, then walk away to do the dishes.  I couldn't take my kids with me to the grocery store because their talking would distract me and I would forget things.  Taking a list wouldn't help because I couldn't write lists.  Now, I don't even want to do the laundry.  I don't want to do anything.  I wondering if changing the dose will help.
None
dry mouth
no side effects
I didn't have any side effects if I was allowed enough sleep.  If I did not receive enough sleep it would be very hard to wake up and I would feel as if I had not slept at all making it very hard to stay alert.  I would say at least 6-7 hours of sleep is needed.
I did not experience any side effects that were negative. I could hear better and think in a focused way within a short amount of time (30-45 minutes after taking the drug)
unfortuntely it is extremely addictive and you can find yourself craving it, and everything can become a problem if I didnt have any.  Dealing with lifes regular ups and downs all became stressful if I didnt have it.  Had to stop taking it as soon as I noticed my behavior.
The only real side effect was that depending on the severity of the attack and the amount I took, as sometimes I cut the pill in half, or if the case was extremely severe, I could take up to 1 mg. was that I got very sleepy. In a lower dose that was not the case but in the higher dosage it did occur.
The side affect I had was headache,diarriah after the 3rd day,and a I got my period (im not regular) really bad to where I had to goto hospital...I dont know if that was related to the medication.
I have had no known side effects to this date. I do watch out for muscle cramps that last more than a week and I have blood work done once a year to ensure that my kidneys are not being affected.
Firstly, this medication made me drowsy, and I often took involuntary naps mid-afternoon. Secondly, I had carbohydrate cravings, and felt hungry all the time. Lastly, after a couple of weeks I became weepy, irrational and anxious.  I can't imagine how magnified these symptoms would have been on a higher dose.
In the first few weeks I felt a little shaky and experienced dry mouth.
digestive problems: a few days per month
No side effects were experienced by me, just a good night's sleep.
extreme dryness, redness, flaking, chapped lips, and occasional lower back pain.  i used aquaphor twice a day all over my face and lips.  this is the only way i could look "normal" because my face looked like it was literally peeling off.
I noticed that after taking the drug for several days I became very irritable and short tempered.  The side effects stopped when I stopped taking the drug.  I have never taken it since. I stopped taking the drug after recalling a collegue of mine taking the drug after the death of her mother.  Her mood and personality changed to anger and paranoia as she was taking it for a long time.
April 29, 2010 I broke my femur (rt leg) mid-thigh due to a pre-fracture very possibly caused by taking Fosamax.  Clearly from the x-rays my body was trying to heal the fracture.  After walking I would notice an aching at the site about 3-4 months before it broke.  I did not fall hard nor far--just about a foot and landed on my right foot.  This is obviously a huge consequence for taking this drug.
I had constant muscle aches, flue like symptoms, sadness that I could not understand, strong stomach pains,and constant fatigue.  Even combining aspirin and lots of food with my dosage, it did not help. A pleasant side effect were dreams in bold color. Not scary at all.
Dry mouth and shaky hands . Shakiness subsided in 3-4 days
There were none. NO skin iritation, sun sensitivy or dryness as with other acne treatments.
Hard to tell, weened off cymbalta while titrating up on lamictal.  If any, they were subtle
I haven't noticed any overt side-effects. For me this medication has been extremely effective and very easy to use.
None to speak of so far.
None
I did not have any side effects
none
side effects - when leaving the pill - i started losing my hair - alot of it
anorgasmia, zombie-like effect
when not taken I felt tired, and ate alot
no side affects from this med
Slightly dizzy right after taking.  Side effect not noticeable if taken right before bedtime.  Added bonus of increased libido.
The only side effect was mild nausea, that could be prevented by eating before taking the medicine in the morning or taking it at bedtime.
Decreased appetite. I have lost 20 pounds over the past six months. I eat one or two small snacks during the day, but at night I will have a meal when the medication begins to wear off. I also drink alot more fluids due to the dry mouth, which is another side effect. Neither of these side effects are bothersome though. I could afford to lose an additional 20 pounds and i'm hoping vyvanse can help me with that. I used to OVER eat, and now i eat only when my body needs the energy, which is good.
The Topamax treatment side effects were extreme when I was taking it.  I experienced extreme weight loss, I went from one hundred thirty pounds down to ninety eight pounds.  I experienced mental confusion and had a hard time focusing on anything including family, relationships and work.  I experienced a deep depression and had suicidal ideations that I had never before had. I also experienced loss of my word finding skills.
About 24 hours after my second dose I developed sudden acute abdominal pain. I have never had a negative reaction to any medication before, and had rarely had any stomach pain in my life. This pain was so strong and intense almost like the pain of a labor contraction. But alas it was upper abdominal and not coming from my uteris. It came in waves and anything I ate or drank made it worse. I was very close to going to the ER. But since my temp, BP and HR were normal and I did not have any other obvious symptoms I toughed it out with a heating pad and curse words. After 2 days of this torture I finally feel the worst is over. But I will not take this med again.
No side effects that I know of, however my father (who also takes protonix) had to discontinue his regimen for a week because of a test he had to have done said his acid reflux came back about 2 days after he stopped and it was 10x worse than it was before treatment. I guess this isn't a drug one should go off of completely.
mild loss of appetite that occurred for approximately a 6 weeks
On the plus side, I experienced no major side effects.  The possible effects can range from nausea to sexual dysfunction, but none were a problem.  However, it is possible to feel a sort of withdrawal.
No side affects from the treatment that I can think of.
moderate weight gain
None i have noticed other than drowsiness, which is why i take it before bed.
At times would waken feeling slow. This would go away a 1-2 hours after waking. If taken more then 2-3 times a week it was less effective unless dose was increased.
During the day, there were times I was drowsy and did not feel it was safe to take the medication, as I had to be alert for driving or for concentrating at work.
some amnesia.  Need to go to sleep immediately.
Mild short-term memory loss
I had extremely dry skin, some temporary redness and peeling of my facial skin.  At times it was extensive enough to require a heavy moisturizer.
constipation, low grade upset stomach
I have not seen any
other than dry mouth, none really.  I would highly recommend this drug to anyone who experiences vertigo and the nauseaus feeling that comes along with it.  PLease ask you doctor to prescribe
Peeling skin, redness


Other than sperficial side effects, I did not notice anything else, nothing too uncomfortable. My skin seemes a little bit drier, which is why it was peeling.. I suppose that is how the pharmaceutical company thinks it will help with the fine lines by peeling off layers of skin
have been on citirizine for approximately 7 years if not more.  I saw my GP last week to change as the cetirizine was no longer working on my allergies.  Since then I have slept only for about 12 hours (in six days), a nauseous feeling in my stomach with dizziness, stomach cramps, a permanent knot in my stomach, shivers, tremors and sweats, I am worried about itching starting  now.  The good news is that I am less fuzzy in my head even though I am tired, my bladder control is back and I seem to be losing some of the 3/4 stones I have gained since taking the drug.  Today I took half a tablet just to function in my job
sensitivity to heat (e.g. hot water) on scalp and fingers; tingling in back jaw with certain foods; arthritic symptoms in knees; if taken two days in a row or more than 2 times w/in a 7 day period the 2d migraine returned and the next day I had a rebound headache.
Not able to sleep very well at night. Dont know if this is due to the champix or due to stopping smoking. Also tablets can make you feel slightly sick when you first start taking them but nothing too bad.
None that I noticed
Drowsiness the following day
My face got a bit dry and peeled at little bit at first. Stings a bit when i started to put it on.
While side effects may include loss of sex drive and gynecomastia, I did not experience either of these side effects.
Redness and skin sensitivity
On a few occasions, mild nausea immediately after taking the drug.
the side effect is noticable when usage is stopped. An under-reaction to situations that needed more intensity. "Too Mellow" even at the least dose 20mg.After being off this med, my children informed me that they liked me better when I was " too easy" and would give in to them.


While taking this medication it stopped working, confused, burst into tears, then just "change my mind", hyper ventillation. this was very frightening as I was taking the medication, it was increased and I felt that I was "losing it", not knowing that the medication had failed
vision affects - blurry vision
n/a
The only side effect I have is IF i skip a night it seems that my problem is much worse.
After taking this drug for about a half of a year, I decided that the side effects weren't worth feeling miserable...even if that means I was going to be bald.  The first month was okay, but after that I started having many emotional problems due to the hormone balance, I had difficulty receiving an erection, reaching orgasm, or being aroused in any way.  My relationship with my girlfriend suffered greatly. My testicles constantly ached and some days it was hard to concentrate on anything else because I was so uncomfortable.  After being off this medication for a few weeks now, I feel so much better.  Just a few days after I took my last pill I could tell a huge difference in the way I was feeling.  I would never take this medication again.  I believe this company should look at the side effects more and re-evaluate the statistics that they originally advertised.  It says that only about 1% of men experience any problems that I listed above...and it seems like I have read more negative reviews than positive.
I could not breath during treatment; first time was fine, 2nd and 3rd times treatment could not be completed; vomiting, felt like throat/lungs were closing up.
Began to experience mental fogginess almost immediately on starting the medication. By the 4 th week I had to take time out from work becasue I was unable to maintain clear thinking.  I also had sleep changes - early awakening.  Probably one of the most disturbing side effects for me was the mood changes I experienced - I was tearful, felt exhausted, and felt nauseous.
burning eye by where it was applied. couldn't sleep well.
The worst side effect for me is stomach upset and trips to the bathroom, especially in the morning after I've taken it. The feeling of being all cranked up is good when I have so much to do (others say this wears off) but it also makes me feel a bit anxious and unable to relax. I had mild sleep problems, mainly early waking.
diminished disposable income
gum swelling
stomach slightly upset
upset stomach, nausea, fever
drowsy confused hangover feeling nervous when getting out of bed for the first 2 or 3 hours weight gain craving for sweet things tired
none
i noticed i was more tired during the day but i do believe that is beginning to wane. but i seem to be ok as long as i am active. it was well worth it to have no pain. this has been awesome.
This medication gave me no side-effects.
I had a severe allergic reaction. It included hive, swelling and internalized into the joints. I had to take steroids to alleviate the reaction
rash, itching over the whoe body, especialy the trunk, persisted for 4 days, but didn't get worse after the first treatment with Benadryl
Some anxiety, especially when beginning this medication. Hyperhidrosis of axillae, which I found the most frustrating side effect. Severely reduced libido. Lethargy and general tiredness.
A little stinging, but nothing serious
I didn't feel any alarming side effects from this medication even after using for  over 8 years. 


The feeling of dependency doesn't bother as we are sometimes addict of certain foods also.
falling asleep anywhere
I did not realize at first that they were side effects. I thought that my chronic bronchitis had gotten much worse. Then I began to develop bouts of extreme fatigue, anxiety and occasional panic attacks that had nothing to do with COPD. Then I started to have choking fits. They were becoming so serious that I feared choking to death. I suspected Advair, so I tried not taking it and then taking it again. The cause was identified and I stopped taking Advair. The choking fits ceased. The fatigue, anxiety, and panic attacks were found to be a malfunciton of my adrenal gland (confimed by lab tests). The chronic bronchitis improved dramatically.
eyelids were a little itchy at first. They were also a little red. Went aways after a few weeks. Think it may have been a result on the application of the drops. Think I may have got some of the solution on my eyelid instead of just the upper base lash. After being more careful the redness went away.
loss of willpower and motivation, depression, mood swings, high loss of sexual desire, loss of vaginal lubrication, energy loss. I stayed on the ring for a year and recently went off it and within a few days couldnt believe how happy i felt and how my energy went up i had sexual desire motivation and willpower. About two months of being off it i decided to try it again, the last 2 weeks have been horrible im so depressed instantly, i can hardly get out of bed i want to sleep all day and night, cant control my eating and emotions.  I have never had problems with depression i am very happy and sucessful, cant believe the mental effects of this birth control, horrible. I wont continue using it.
knee tenderness
Oily stools, worse if you eat too much fat, I try to stick to foods that are 5% of less.
significant increase in anxiety, esp during times of stress, increased libido, increased anger, increased sweating, visible nervousness, increased emotional reactivity, short temper.
Enlargement of the ovaries -- up to 13.6 percent of women 


Hot flashes -- up to 10.4 percent 


Abdominal (stomach) or pelvic pain or bloating -- up to 5.5 percent 


Upset stomach (nausea) or vomiting -- up to 2.2 percent 


Breast pain -- up to 2.1 percent 


Headache -- up to 1.3 percent (see Clomid and Migraines) 


Abnormal menstrual bleeding, including spotting between periods or long, heavy periods -- up to 1.3 percent.
Zyban made me not care about smoking, it also made me not care about anything else, not exactly depressed - just nothing seemed worthwhle.
None with Cardura. I switched from Flomax because the minimum dosage of 4 mg reduced libido and erectile strength. Not completely, but "half-mast" so to speak.
Time - let them go away on their own
Appetite is reduced, but not to an un-healthy degree. Smaller portions at both meal time and snack time are all that you can manage during the day. However, in my experience I eat normal dinner portions. In fact, I feel that with this medication I am eating ample, healthy portions for my gender, body-type and build.  It should be noted that with this and other medications like it you are often so focused it is easy to forget to eat, but it will catch up with you later in the day. You will want the portions you should have had, but no longer have the hours left to spread them out. I set a timer to remind me its time to stop and have lunch.
Extreme agonizing bone pain in neck and ribs; high fever for 1 1/2 days; debilitating pain in shoulder and neck to the point that I could not get out of bed for 4 days. I subsequently read that it can aggravate previous injuries where bones have been broken or damaged. I had an earlier neck injury and compression fractures in my spine. I believe these old injuries were antagonized by the Boniva.
With extended use I was prone to ulcers in the nasal cavities.
I didn't observe any side effects.
None
My freaking hair has fallen out to the point that I am almost bald in front and around the front edges of my hair. My hair has been falling out since I began treatment with Unithroid and continues to shed today. My hair is practically bald in front and the hair on the the top and back of my head has fallen out so much that the once extremely thick hair I had is now thin, and breaks easily. From the hundreds of complaints I keep reading from other thyroid patients on the web, it appears that I am not alone in my dilemma, but to date, myself and the other hundreds of thyroid patients complaining of the same problem have yet to find a safe natural hair product to grow back hairloss from thyroid disease. Other side effects are sometimes depending on what I eat or the time of day, my pulse starts racing.
mild to mederate stomach ache
Occasional fogginess if otherwise fatigued; otherwise, I am surprised at the absence of noticeable side effects.
None
Occasionally an increased heartrate.
When I first started, I was taking 200mg before shift. It gave me the jitters and a headache. But when I went to 100mg that took care of that problem.
rarely upset stomach
I felt dperessed, tired and very sore. My finger joints hurt so bad and to the touch. My back, and legs ached. Then my lower legs, ankles and feet started to swell. it is so bad that I cannot walk upon waking in the morning. If Im on my feet for more than an hour I have to elevate my legs due to the pain and swelling. I also gained alot of weight 8lbs. I'm a healthy 37 year old woman, I am active with two small boys, and eat an extremley healthy diet due to my Celiacs and Caseine allergies. 





I recently had my blood levels checked and to my surprise I was taking way too much Tirosint. My Endo said that the swelling and pain wasnt from the Tirosint and that I should see my Primary doctor...REALLY??  I was shocked due to my "hypo" symptoms. Im thinking of returning to Synthroid and switching doctors...
Within 2 days the reflux symptoms were controlled.  She only had problems if she ate an excessive amount late in the evening and needed to sleep on a wedge to prevent sudden reflux while asleep.  She has noticed that if she does not take the Nexium, the symptoms reappear within 2-3 days.
Upset stomach; yeast infections
You have to be careful to take the appropriate dose (one pill per day at the same time). You MUST keep it on you at all times so that you are able to do so.  Missing a dose would often induce my period which would linger for weeks.  I also noticed a dramatic difference in the quality of my hair.  Over the last few years of taking the medication I have lost over 75 percent of the super thick head of hair I once had.
I experienced memory loss.
Slight loss of libido. Ejaculations are not as strong since starting drug. Less semen production. Sometimes slight pain during ejaculations.
none
On 10 mg. didnt seem to have any side effects and my cholestrol went from 256 to 190 in 30 days-I was amazed but then after another month my cholestrol went back up to 235 and my doctor decided to bump up my dose to 20 mg.
If my husband hadn't acted quickly I would have been dead in 15 minutes.
A FULMINATING ALLERGIC REACTION
I had terrible side effects for 2-3 weeks. I couldn't think straight and could not sleep. My doctor suggested taking the pill every other day until I felt like I could handle the dosing. I am glad I stuck with it.
Very dry skin. A lot of peeling.
the treatment caused my blood pressure to increase quickly - within a week or so - to very high blood pressure.  I found that I was very nervous and felt horrid, dizzy.  I went to a GP who took me off of it.
Horrible HORRIBLE nausea for the first month or so. And I would vomit almost everyday, whether I ate something or not, it didnt matter, it was coming up. Sometimes eatting something would help, and sometimes I actually didnt throw up. But if I didnt eat anything, then it was guarenteed I would be paying a visit to my good friend: the toilet. I would usually take my pill at 8 in the morning, and the nausea would finally end around 3pm. This happned EVERYDAY. But around month 2 is where it would be ok, till month three, where I would have light spotting, then it would get heavier and heavier till it was as if I was having a full blown period.
No side effects.
They say that a major side effect could be impotence and a loss of sexual desire, but I did not experience either of those. Other than that, I can not really think of any other side effects I have experienced with Propecia over the last three years.
Besides the extreme flatness, there were not many at time of treatment; however, I had severe cramps and diarrhea getting off of it
Galzin has bad GI effects, upset stomach, vomitting, and LONG wait before and after meals.
slightly "drugged" feeling, went away after a few days
Increased insomnia with a decrease in appetite, as common with this medication.
dry mouth, decreased sleep
Sometimes felt a little tired in morning, sometimes groggy. But nothing a latte can't fix.
I have problems sleeping--not falling asleep but staying asleep. I sometimes feel nervous (that is, nervous energy, not anxiety). I'd also say that Prozac can make me feel numb, but it's better than being severely depressed. Overall, the side effects aren't bad enough for me to stop treatment or look for another medication.
there were no side effects.
I felt a little light-headed for the first 2-3 days. Otherwise, none.
Baby had a facial rash during the use of this drug. Other possible side effects are yet unknown as he has only recently discontinued use. Rash has yet to clear up after one week off the drug. The rash may not be an actual side effect of the drug, though it has been shown in studies to be.
none
On the larger dosage of 20mg per day: dizziness, rapid heart rate, general feeling  of nausea
I did experience some  taking ignificant side effects as a result of taking effexor. THese included major sexual disfunction, chrinic tireness, apathy  and a numb state of being. I felt that the medication made me feel like I was just zombing through work and social life. I did not have a sex drive and found that I did not have any motivation to pursue sexual encounters.
None.
Severe mood swings, depression, frequent lung infections
I had gastrointestinal upset, including diarrhea, cramps, and nausea. Since I took a combination of drugs when beginning treatment, I am not sure which one caused a weight gain. It is extremely difficult for me to shift a pound although I am absolutely stringent about my diet.
Made me feel like a zombie, slowed me in my emotional resilancy recovery and I also gained 10 lbs pretty fast..
Soemtimes the skin where the patch was placed became sore, itchy, red and inflamed. However, the most problematic side effect was during the transition phase between each 30 day prescription. For example, if the pharmacy did not have the product, I would have to go without a patch for a day or two I would experience withdrawal symptoms, jitteriness, crawling skin, sleeplessness with dizziness. The whole ordeal of getting in to see the doctor every 28 days, getting the prescription,, well, it all was getting so stessful I just went cold turkey and quit using them. Which, by the way, was pretty foolish because I had a difficult three days by myself to say the least.
The side effects are not seen if any because if the exist they are better than this incredible terrifying experience of hyperthyroid episodes that were haunting, and devistated my life in many areas. Am drinking fluids, one of my side effects of the hyperthyroid was not being able to eat or hold down food, but very hungry all the time. I am on liquids and increase to solids slowly now.
The side effects of the treatment was extreme tiredness.  This antihistamine caused me to fall asleep at odd times throughout the day.  I am generally a high energy person but Singular caused me to fall asleep almost as soon as I sat down or stopped moving.
I was extremely hyper, couldn't sit still, felt like I wanted to crawl out of my skin.
I've had mild dryness/redness was was easily counteracted with a good moisturizer.
stomach uncomfort, urticaria
On the 4th day on the medication the patient who had been very responsive and alert was groggy, not alert and fell several times in attempts to go to the bathroom, something he had no problem with proir to the medication.  In attempting to assist the patient, it was evident that his heart was beating rapidly and he was in a cold sweat.  He died on the 5th day on the medication.
Severe neuropsychiatric side effects, including suicide ideation, nightmares, hallucinations, horrible headaches, anger/hostility, reckless/abnormal behavior, dilated pupils, fatigue, pain in joints.
Constipation
The main side effects, which I noticed more predominately in the later stage of treatment was the contast hunger and weight gain as the result, moderate acne, and depression (I am still being treated for depression so this may not be due to depo, but it is actually one of the side effects).
The first week I used Elidel I got some flu-like symptoms, as warned on the package insert. It stands to reason that Elidel would make one very sun-sensitive, as it shuts down the skin's immune system; I didn't have a problem with this, as I always wore sunscreen, but it made me nervous. As I understand it, Elidel isn't formulated to help the skin help itself; instead it just shuts off the skin's erroneous response. For some skin conditions, this is sufficient, but it wasn't for me.
I haven't had any at all.
dry mouth was mild. Aggression was significant. I became very quick tempered, which in uncharacteristic for my personality type. Libido was not improved.
When I first started on the maximum dose of 300 mg twice a day I did experience dizziness,mild muscle twitching, short term memory problems and constipation.  The dizziness and muscle twitching did ease off after about 6 weeks but I still have constipation and seem to have difficulty remembering certain things.
none
The treatment was effective for reducing paid however I felt extremely depressed while taking the dosage. I had emotional swings and did not want to leave the house which is not common for me. Once I was no longer taking the drug I was back to normal.
The first few days I took it I was dizzy and very sleepy.  However, those side effects have now subsided.
Irritability at times and difficulty sleeping,heart palpitations and some sexual dysfunction.
none noticed
There was some drowsiness after taking the capsule, and therefore it was taken at night.
none
Sometimes, I find I'm a little more tired when I miss a day.
The first coupel of day, there was nausausness and some tiredness.
I experienced no side effects.
Mild gastrointestinal issues that subsided after the first few weeks.
No noticeable side effects, however, time release formula does not seem to work. Drug works for 4 or 5 hours then I wake up as usual in the middle of the night.
Sleeping too much, night sweats, vivid dreams, felt emotionally numb, cravings for carbohydrates and overeating, and had decreased libido.
There were no side effects. The important thing is to take it immediaely after dinner. You have to have a full stomach because taking it without any solid food in the stomach couls give you an upset stomach.
None.
I would have anxiety attacts more often on Vistaril then any other medications. I have had no side effects from Clonazepam.
nausea, fatigue, elevated white blood cells, low side of normal liver lab results.
dry mouth was the worst side effect but since I should drink more water anyway it was a mixed blessing.
Insomnia, dry mouth, appetite loss.
Severe grogginess, often accompanied by lightheadedness, upset stomach/nausea - ALL aggravated by sleep loss or lack of food, become slightly less severe after I'd been on it again for a couple of weeks. Severe grogginess was slightly alleviated by caffeine (espresso) or some rest (nap) or both. Best solution appears to be to take the meds with or after food, and to attempt to get a decent amount of sleep. Also notice a certain level of dependence (NOT actual addiction though) - mostly due to return of symptoms in medication's absence. I may also have dry mouth, but I'm not sure if that's the meds or if I'm not drinking enough water.
There were no side effects.
Hear clicking sounds in my eras.  Saw tiny lights spots ransomly.  I was addicted or I couldnt eat, sleep or even form speech at times.
Very little upset stomach
I really did experience redness and flaking, like most users did. But that was mainly around the soft tissues, such as my mouth. So I decided to use it more on the trouble areas and less on the other parts. Side effects were reduced after combining with Jojoba Oil.
SOme times I will have aching in my hands and my body like arthritis pain.  Feels like arthritis, that is the best way I can describe it, but I would rather have that pain than a migraine.
Massive headache an hour or so after ingesting the pill as well as heavy clogged sinuses. Found it hard to breath. Felt like flu symptoms.
None, but I am concerned about calcium absorption since I have Osteopenia.  I was supplementing with B12.
A slightly lowered libido, tiredness in the evening. Also notice I am not as tearful when dealing with emotionally challenging issues, which can have it's pros and cons.
confusion, short term memory loss. It was like living in a fog.
There were no long-term side effects.  The first several evenings his stomach pain seemed to increase so the frequency was reduce to twice daily for the first 2 weeks.
I took my first dose before bed one night.  In the morning I woke with a cold sore and a very large ulcer on my tongue.  I attributed this to the slight fever I had been running periodically.  My tongue became increasingly sore.  The second pill, later on that day, caused sever stomach pain, cramping, diarhea, nausea, and hot flashes.  The oral pain remained about the same. I took the third, and last, dose that afternoon is the worst experience I have ever had with a drug.  Immediately after taking the pill blisters began to appear wherever the pill had touched my skin.  This included the entirety of my tongue, mouth, lips, and throat.  I called the PA that had prescribed the drug and told her about the reaction.  She told me to discontinue the drug immediately and that was a possible side effect of this drug.  Had I any idea what it was going to be like, and the intense pain I would endure because of it, thenI would never have taken it.
Took medicine with dinner and glass of milk to coat stomach.  Within 40 min. of taking Avelox I knew I would be vomitting.  Upset stomach lingered to next morning.  Won't take again
At first, it took my body some time to adjust.  It revved up my system.
Insomnia


Lack of libido and orgasm


Dry Mouth


Contipation


Minor agitation
nil
I took this ONCE, upon the reccomendation of a doctor. I soon became very dizzy and was forced to go to sleep. When it was time to wake up, I couldn't. Finally I did, but with an annoying headache. Later in the day, I got a chest pain. The side effects of this pill are too great.
Generally rarely experience side effects. Taken on an empty stomach, mild transient nausea, but this is quickly addressed with any light snack. Discontinuation syndrome (when I have run out of the medication, or once when discontinued for 2 days due to elective surgery) is quite unpleasant.
The gel is only slightly drying.  I did not experience the side effects that most people report.
There were side effects listed such as dizziness, nausea, hypertension etc. I did not expertise any of the ill side effects/
At first there is some redness and slight burning, but nothing I couldn't handle. Using it every other day was helpful. The redness and irritation go away after several weeks of use. I am very pleased with the results.
there was no side effects I took it at night
I have never experienced any adverse side affects.
Stomach upset, sun sensitivity.
Reduction in motor skills and memory loss
terrible flushing..itching is now constant...breaking out with white bumps on my hands and change in skin texture on whole body.  Left ankle swells.  Feels like a lump or obstruction in throat.  Chest discomfort.  Shortness of breath at times.
early on i was having problems sleeping, s i got used to the medication, that has gone away.
Albuterol HFA made it so difficult for me to breathe, I had to use the discontunued albuterol (in the light blue dispenser)to recover.  I'm very worried I won't survive the change.
Extremem fatigue, dizziness, feeling of emptiness, pain in all tendons which is worsening as the days go by. I have been off of cipro for four days and the pain woke me up in the middle of the night.  I have had a terrible headache and my temperature is either very hot or cold. (it is July)  I am unable to excercise for fear of rupturing a tendon.  My left achilles feels stiff andi am worried it is permanantly damaged.  I have never had tendonitis, but i am shocked that i could potentially be forever burdened with it.  My elbows, ankles, knees, hips and thighs, shoulders, neck ..all  of it in extreme pain.  Last night began the horrific nightmares.
It turns out it did not cure it at all but possibly hurt my face.  It also may have made the condition spread to other areas of my face because in time I had other areas of my face where the rash was.  The cream was only a temporary relief to a deeper situation. If one is looking for fast relief it will help but it covers up an initial problem that needs to be addressed.
Initially, the skin has to get used to the treatment.  I experienced redness and moderate flaking in the first 2 weeks (at different intervals). However, the skin eventually becomes tolerant of the product.  There is still the periodic sloughing of dead skin cells; but that's okay because you'll have a fresh, healthy glow afterwards.
Slight weight gain.
mild bloating mild diarreha
None, really, that I can specifically blame on this drug. I had actually reacted fairly badly to other, similar drugs. The famous "purple pill" Nexium had actually given me a brutal headache, sore-throat, and even a racing heart-beat at times. I was somewhat anxious about taking another very similar medication, but Pantoprazole did not bother me at all (I have since read that Pantoprazole is one of the acid-reducers least likely to cause side-effects).
There were actually no physical side effects, but I found that I said a lot of things I wouldn't normally say, and which I was embarassed about later.  Prozac made me feel like everything was fine, so I didn't take things seriously enough, and didn't take care of things which really needed to be taken care of.  I feel like I wasn't a good parent during that time, because my attitude was "eh...who cares?...everything is fine".  





I also had a very hard time withdrawing from it. I tried several times but fell into severe depression and had to start taking it again.  I thought I'd have to be on it for life.  However, once I managed to make it through a full week without it, I felt fine, and have never had to use it again.
The patient was extreemly hungry on this medication and some weight gain was observed.  In this case, this was a positive side-effect as the patient was very underweight.





No other side-effects were noted however the treatment regime was difficlut for an elderly person to understand and needed the support of a family member to ensure that doses were not missed.
severe joint pain in arms, hands and shoulders.  Ligament damage in arms.  Numbness, tingling, weakness in arms.  Malaise, fatigue, deep tissue itching, nausea, confusion, chest constriction, Interstitial Cystitis, breathing problems, racing heart with palpitations.  After 11 months I stopped this drug found a natural cure for my uti's called d-mannose.  It sounds too good to be true but it stopped my uti's cold.  Please visit http://www.squidoo.com/d-mannose to read my personal experience.  I'm not selling d-mannose or anything else, I just want to help prevent the kind og suffering I endured.
headaches


initially constipation-but after the first week i figured out things to do to counteract that.


dry mouth
long-term bleeding
Spotting between periods (started off heavy like a period, but lightened up as time progressed), breast tenderness (do to fluid build-up),  breasts became larger in size (once more, do to fluid build-up), and bloating.
I don't recall any severe side effects other than occasional tinnitus. The more severe side effects became apparent after I began attempting to discontinue use of the medication. At that time, although I withdrew from the dosage in very small amounts over a long period, the tinnitus was quite pronounced, especially after any sudden head movements.  I often felt dizzy for no reason.
Difficulty waking up.  Grogginess during the entire morning. Inability to clearly focus throughout the day, due to the grogginess.  Increased frequency of migraines, in a person already subject to migraines.
At times there were stomach irritations as a result of Naproxen. It caused acid reflux to be moderate to severe at times. Taking with food helped and at other times it was necessary to take a medicine for the upset.
tired, sleepy, dry mouth, sometimes diarreha, not much of an appetite.
could no longer have  orgasms
NONE.
Severly dry, flaky skin


redness and sensitivity in the area


burning and stinging


intense itching
The Detrol was horrible. My mouth was so dry my tongue  literally stuck to the roof of my mouth making it difficult to speak. The Copaxone causes lumps and itching at the injection site.
occasional moderate to severe itching and flushing at night
The only thing to be aware of with this drug is that it is very short acting so while it may be perfect for situational anxiety (e.g a speech, social event, dentist etc) its not a good idea for people with more generalised anxiety as its short acting nature may mean that people get rebound anxiety and then feel the need to dose again (can lead to dependance.)
For over a year after starting the treatment I believe I had a side effect of a dry cough that was probably caused by this drug.  It was unclear whether or not it truly was caused by the lisinopril because the coughing did not stop when I temporarily halted treatment (for a few days).  When the coughing was at it's worst, my blood pressure went up, nullifying the effect of the linsinopril.
No side effects noticed.
I did not experience any side effects. Again, I have taken this antibiotic before and had postive results.
I experienced minimal side effects, the only side effect was loss of appetite and weight loss which in my opinion isn't exactly a bad thing.  The other side effect that I experienced was loss of emotion, I was neither happy nor sad.  This is what made me stop taking the medication.  I switched to zoloft which worked just made me gain 18 lbs and now in the process in switching to something else.
most significant: osteoporosis and skin thinning. muscle wasting. weight loss. possibly arterial side effects and TIREDNESS!
I was often tired after a severe headache. Otherwise, I didn't notice too many side effects.
There are no apparent side effects of Singulair for me.
There were really no overt, obvious side effects of the treatment.  levothyroxine is known to cause insomnia.  It may have been coincidence, but my sleeping habits deteriorated approximately at the same time I began therapy.  I am currently in the process of reducing my dose to see if sleep habits improve, but lab values remain at good levels
No side effects.
none
Slight irritation at first with Renova. Fraxel treatments cause swelling and redness for a few days. Not too bad. But the Renova will sometimes cause skin to peel off and flake - looks bad but only lasts a day.
Eye and skin photosensitivity to sunlight and artificial light (especially fluorescents). 


Honey allergy.


Diarrhea.


Depression
So far - none- I take this in the morning with breakfast, no problems with stomach pain, etc. - soon going to take 7.5mg each day and see if there is a big difference
After 6-16 hours I became quite sleepy and tired.  After a couple of hours of sleep, I awoke feeling as I usually do first thing in the morning.  A couple of hours later the sleepiness returned.
none
none
My skin became more sensitive although this happened after about a week of use not in the beginning. There were times when my skin felt warm. My skin peeled a little bit and felt and appeared dry. There was some periodic itching. My skin became more sensitive and something like a scrape would hurt. Additionally and most noticeably even though I avoided my eye area the differin would make the skin around my eyes sore, red and flaky. I'm not sure how it spread to my eyes when I avoided rubbing it in anywhere close, but it did.
My skin would become too dry.  It seemed that even after months of usage, my ance would not completely disappear.  If I used more Retin-A, my acne would get better for a week or two until my skin became too dry and then I would have worse acne
After taking Lyrica I developed tinnitus. I started hearing Morse code, music, and running water. I was also checked for ear problems and schizophrenia and the tests were negative. It did cause some drowsiness and made it hard to get up in the morning for the fist two or three weeks, but overall it has been a blessing. No weight gain either, although my doctor did warn me it could happen.
nausea, vommiting, depression, vivid dreams, and nightmares.  The vommiting came on within minutes of ingestion and my physician offered no other dosage or medication to alleviate the side effects.
Daytime drowsiness, highly addictive, bad withdrawal symptoms which caused terrible insomnia.
At first feeling a little groogy in the morning.But that goes away and yoiu wake up refreshed.in the morning,but that went away ,
Not too interested in sex anymore.
Mirapex: impulse control absence, induction of OCD symptoms, drug addiction (heroin, crack, etc.) and hepatitis B & C all pursuant to massive sexual and substance risk taking behaviors, loss of professional license, theft of $1million of clients' funds, gambled EVERYTHING away, lost everything, began inappropriate sexual relationships with prostitutes in home town and in Central America as well as with underaged females (who were often teenaged crack addicts), theft of EVERY SINGLE ITEM of any value from his extremely elderly wealthy father and from the rest of us, left crack in our young adult daughter's car, severing of relationships: WE have to protect ourselves from him and his evil-Mirapex reactions
No negative side effects. Improved skin, more libido,  iwere side benefits.
I have not had any side effects, not even the heartburn that is the most common one.
sleepiness approximately 30 minutes after taking medicine, gas after the first day and for 3 days after course was finished, sun sensitivity
loose bowels. some say i was not as much fun or as joyful as i was beforede the drug so i believe it may have numbed my emotions a bit/
Headaches, dry lips, dry skin, elevated triglycerides.
I didn't feel like I had any.  I felt the same before and after taking the drug.
None at all for me.  I have tolerated this medication very well.
none
Strange tingling sensations, a 'floaty' feeling, occasional stomach ache
None. I don't understand how it could bring about side effects really. It doesn't cause weight gain. If you gain weight on this, it's your own fault for eating too much! =] The only thing I can think of is when I go to the bathroom it comes out a bit, but nothing that can't be fixed immediately. Never come completely out yet without me physically removing it.
My entire body broke out in a red, itchy rash that was not relieved by scratching nor by topical agents. I reported the reaction to the pharmacist and to my doctor, both of whom told me to cease using the antibiotic immediately as continued use in the presence of the adverse reaction could be very dangerous.
sleepiness, drowiness, etc
none noted yet.
I don't believe I had any side effects.  I know Protonix just like Nexium can be an addictive medicine simply because it work so well.  Some people seem to have minor side effects, but I am in great health and in good shape and I did not seem to have any side effects from using Protonix.
Headache, dull pain around side of head and to the rear. Numbing to one half of right arm from elbow to finger tips. did not affect thumb or digit next to, just the other three fingers.
There are absolutely no side effects
I took the first dose without food liek the direction said and about 20 minutes later i was vomiting.
Water retention, breast enlargement (not a bad thing).
I felt slightly tired after taking Zyrtec. However, this was not severe and I always took it in the evening because the information leaflet did mention that the drug can have these side effects. I was also always slightly more tired in the following morning (about 8-9 hrs after taking the drug) than typically.
I did not experience any side effects on a normal or high dose.  A VERY HIGH dose (only taken accidentally, because I forgot I had taken my usual dose earlier) on an empty stomach, will produce an unpleasant "high" feeling mentally, including spaciness and shakiness.  Therefore you can't just keep taking more and more of the drug.
There were no side effects.
I got my prescription for Retin-A Micro refilled about 2 months ago because it worked so well that I ran out of it! Now when I get acne and I apply the cream before bed, I wake up and there's no difference. The acne's still as big and as red as before. My skin must've gotten used to it or something, because it doesn't get rid of my acne.
side effects were mild upset stomach, insomnia if taken before bed, boosted my mood,and social life.
No side effects!
None
The patient experienced some side-effects, including dry-mouth/increased thirst, dry skin and increased mild acne, and some mild sexual side-effects. The patient has attempted to combat all side-effects with increased water consumption.
None - I took accutane and it changed my life for the better...I've had none of these side effects that are sometimes reported. My nephew and best friend also took accutane and couldn't be any happier with the results...I'm not depressed, I don't have joint pains or headaches or whatever else is being reported...
only down side was it made waking up in the morning slightly harder if I took a dose too late in the evening and might make me fall asleep early if taken too soon.
Restless legs at night, insomnia, headache (sometimes pretty bad). Also, make sure you take it and THEN START PRODUCTIVE THINGS, otherwise you attention will be focused on whatever you are doing when it starts to work, i.e. playing online games for hours.
Weight gain, extreme tiredness during the day, insomnia at night, bad effect on libido and sexual ability. Extreme lethargy.
Dizziness, fatigue, nausea
I find when I am taking Micardis that I tend to be very tired and my libido is decreased.
