x
Some back pain, some nauseau.
Drowsiness, a bit of mental numbness. If you take too much, you will feel sedated. Since you have to be able to clearly and honestly assess your emotions and thoughts, determining how much medication you need is tough. I found that 400mg works perfectly for me, but that's a high dose. Less than that and I can feel the medicine wearing off prematurely (I like it to last 24hrs, from sleep to sleep). More than that and I feel numb. Some might call it drowsiness, but it's more a sluggishness of the mind for me.





Before I began treating my bipolar disorder, I used to write a fair amount of fiction. It sort of flowed from me. I definitely had the artist's temperament. After Lamictal, though, that inherent creativity fizzled out. It doesn't come spilling out of me while I'm deep into a manic euphoria. I have to work at art now. It's something that requires discipline. If you are in a field which requires creativity, expect to see a change in your output.
Depakene has a very thin coating, which caused severe heart burn and stomach upset.  The discomfort was so unpleasant that it made me not want to take my meds, so I was not taking them consistently as prescribed.  This caused my mood to fluctuate again.  Even after I switched to the Depakote, my stomach was still uncomfortable for several weeks afterwards.  My appetite decreased and food was very unappetizing.  Certain foods that I normally enjoy, such as chicken or fish, made me feel extremely queasy when I ate them.  I did not like the physical side effect of the drug, and decided to quit my psychiatric drugs altogether - because I was no longer stable anymore!
I didnt really notice any side effects.
Side effects included moderate to severe dry skin.  This condition was rectified by the topical application of "Aquafore" moisturizer.
I felt no significant side effects - perhaps some slight drowsiness.
tired/sleepy very tired sleep and tired very tired sometimes and other times less tired i'm sorry not more to say other than 50 words so blah blah see above see above see above see above see above
I have had no side effects so far. I hope it stays that way.
I experienced no side effects.  I was not tired nor did I feel medicated.
here we go.the initial effect would be dry mouth and sleepiness, not being able to think straight or function really but once the dose would be acclimatised it would be okay. but it also cased both hypo and hypersomnia. shakiness at times. large cognitive deficits in reading and comprehension (eyes would literally\ physically play tricks not seeing words or substituting others, blind spots)and a general confusion not knowing what i was doing where i was going.nightmares, nightsweats
signigicant swelling of hands and feet so significant and uncomfortable that I had to discontinue the medication regimine
Slight dizziness and tiredness, very minor.
nervousness, insomnia (if taken late in the day)
Very mild "buzz."
As I explained above. Addiction and drowsiness. Your mind and body felt like you were missing something. Until you took the pill you would be anxious but for no reason but as soon as you took the pill your mind would be relived. You would no longer dwell on the anxiety.
At first I experienced a slight headache and upset stomache.
there are no side effects
Weight gain, osteoporosis, moon face; noticed muscle weakness. Could not simply stop; had to taper off or risk side adenson disease. Seemed more sensitive to fatigue.
Disturbing and painful balanitis after 4 days, lasted 2 weeks. Stomatitis to the point were eating and drinking became painful, used chloorhexidine mouthwash 1 minute 3 times daily, next to brushing (extremely painful mucosae and tongue). Lasted 10 days. Now disturbing and ugly proximal onychomyosis coming from a lateral onychomycosis on 20 % surface large toenail. My whole toenailplate is destroyed. I may need to take itraconazole or terbinafine for 9 months at least, if I want to cure this :(
There were no treatment side effects noted.
increasing all over body pain
I had no side effects. I always followed the directions - take it with water. No other foods or drinks for an hour afterward. Don't ly down.
since i started taking metformin my weight loss continued (this is unwanted weight loss). initially fosamax gave me severe flu like symptoms
I started feeling dizzy whenever I get up from sitting position to standing. I have informed my doctor about this and I was informed that this is a possible side effect of the drug.
I experienced weight gain and sun sensitivity while taking premarin.
There are no major side effects.  There is an increased risk of bleeding but I did not experience this.  The only mild side effects was burning at the site of the injection when the medicine was going in, and some bruising at the site of the injection. Other than this I did not experience any sorts of side effects what so ever.
i very vivid dreams but i can live with this side effect to be happy
none, I felt not ill effects
Vivid dreams, nightmares, diarrhea, increased anxiety, night sweats, exhaustion.
The side effects are dry skin. I can't wax my eyebrows without having the skin peeled off. I know they say to stop 3 days before you wax but it doesn't help. Also, living in florida, my skin became very sensitive to the sunlight. I also get a slight tingling when I apply my sunblock or lotion.
Dry mouth. Constipation.
Constant nausea even with food, extremely cold, Extreme Dizziness, Hard to sleep, Severe shaking and weakness, fever, frequent need to urinate
I did not experience any side effects and still continue that way. During the first year, my doctor was running labs every 3 months and at no time were any abnormalities noticed. He continues to do labs at 6 month intervals now and as of last one(3 weeks ago), still no problems noticed.
I woke up 3am and couldnt sleep I had the worst stomach pains thats in my stomach like gas pains and they hurt so bad. They come every 5 mins its the worst pain. For 2 days I have been in pain. I'd never take this medicine again. Im about to get up and throw it away now!
At first the patient took the medication before she went to bed, which kept her awake at night and did not allow her to sleep.  After a couple of week with inadequate sleep, she sought help and the doctor prescribed her sleeping medication, Ativan.  It turned out that the poor sleep was due to taking the medication improperly.  When that was corrected, the patient was able to sleep again and was able to function at a high rate.
Blood pressure medicine has a mild diaretic which causes frequent urination. Also some drowiness noticed so I take this at night before bed. Thyoid medicine really does not have any side affects for me. Tolerated well.
The side effects were stomach cramps and diarrhea for 2 weeks. I also took yogurt but that did not seem to help much. The cramps came within 48 hours of the first dose. It was easy to take but as i cramped so much I am really wondering if I did not take the Z pack would I have been in the same place as I am now without the heavy antibiotics.
non
I didn't really have many side effects besides the medicine making me want to go to sleep. But I'm not complaining, since it does help the voices and the shadows go away for a while. Besides that, my psychiatrist wanted me to take advantage of the other side effect, and that side effect is that Symbyax might make you gain a little weight. So I wouldn't suggest it to people who want to lose weight. I still didn't seen any change in the weight gain and it was about a month when I started taking the lowest dose of Symbyax. Now that that month is over, I just started taking a higher dosage and I have noticed an increase in my appetite. I recommend this drug for the depressed ones who are a little underweight and the Schitzophrenics.
Loss of appetite, dry mouth, insomnia, OCD habits.


Last week, due to taking a class that was crammed into 2 weeks rather than 15 weeks, I took 9 adderall within a span of 5 days (mon-fri).  By Wednesday night, I had a lot of trouble breathing, I would take really deep quick breaths over and over.  This continued Thurs & Fri.  My heart beat was unstable by Thursday.  Thursday and Friday I had diarrhea all day, and by Friday night there was blood in my diarrhea.
In 2 mo. (3/4 of the program), 22 lbs weight loss.
I have to take it with food or I get sick stomach. Otherwise I have no side effects.
delayed or difficulty climaxing during sex
There were no side effects as such.. the only one was a build up of resistence to Xanax..14 years to my consumption of Xanax I have build a resistance to it and needed more tablets per day for Xanax to have an effect. on top of this I got so severely depressed that I was taking up to 8 tablets per day, which was twice the allowed daily dosage
I did not experience side effects all though I was warned to avoid exposing treated area to sunlight.
Anaphylactic reaction.  Extreme shaking of extremities. Loss of consciousness. Treated by hospital ER staff. Prior known allergic reaction to Compazine, hospital pharmacy said they were unrelated class of drugs and should not have caused allergic reaction. Physician suggested I take no anti-nausea drugs from now on.
I gained about 5 lbs, which was not a problem for me since I'm slender to begin with. There was also some mild constipation, well not really constipation, but a decrease in the number of daily bowel movements. To offset that, I just drank more water. Not a big deal.
I have had no ill effects from the Lipitor or the Nexium.  However, my liver function numbers have increased slightly since being on Lipitor but that was expected to some degree.  I have been advise to lose about 20 pounds and we'll test again to see if they drop.
none at 300 mg.  Possible tinnitus from increase to 450 mg, not evaluated by an audiologist yet though.  Did experience weight loss (7 lbs.) at 450 mg dosage.
a little dizzy at first but thats it.. only a few days If you miss it for a few days you will have some withdrawls.. light headedness and jittery
none
Horrible mood swings, crying episodes, confusion.
From taking Augmentin before in the past, I knew that the way to avoid the nausea was to take it with food PLUS a large glass of orange juice. I forgot the first time, and was nauseous. Once I started taking the pill with orange juice, I was no longer nauseous. But I had diarrhea from the second day onwards, plus a yeast infections that I treated with myconazole and probiotics.
Previously on Metoprolol tartrate and later Metoprolol succinate (both varying doses) and experienced severe dizziness/light-headedness, heavy-chested, and shortness of breath. Also experienced severe exercise intolerance. These symptoms remain when switched to Atenolol, but at much less severe levels. On Atenolol, also experience short-term memory loss, vertigo, constipation, indigestion.
Depression, osteoporosis, vaginal dryness, and fatigue.
Botulism.  Permanent disability.  Neuropathy, autonomic nerve injury. chronic myalgias.  Chronic nerve pain


Chronic long term muscle weakness. Difficulty breathing, difficulty swallowing, blurry vision. Disabling muscle weakness.  permanent paresthesias.
I have noticed very little side effects at all.  I was told it may affect the effectiveness of other pain relievers, but so far I have not noticed that -- when I needed to take a Vicodin when my thumb did still hurt on occasion.  I have on rare occasions noticed some dizziness, although I am not sure I can attribute that to the drug (I have low blood pressure because of my spinal cord injury that can sometimes cause that to happen as well).
when my doctor increase dexedrine to 30 mg, I got speed but not the focus and I became OCD-seriously.


It kept me up all night.





Effexor which i took for 10 years numbs you out.  I was on 75 mg for add and depression.  I did cure depression but not really the add.
I can recommend a reputable pharmacy (Aricept) - pill24.org I received the order and it was on time and the pills work great.


P.S. 5% discount coupon code: 9sh73h
No side effects for me.
While it helped my face, it consequently dried out the skin on my whole body as well. This was the third time I had treatment with accutane.  I still have some under-the-skin bumps but they are not as severe as they originally were.
initial few days, tiredness was evident
initial breakouts worsen, peeling, dryness, redness, burning for the first few weeks and then got better.
restlessness during the day. Nightmares.
nausea dizzyness
there was a loss in bone density. however, after introducing actonel the patient's bone density did improve. also, the patient did report problems with concentration and did report mood swings.
decreased sexual function, horrific time trying to stop using it. I was told by many doctors there were no withdrawal symptoms so I thought I was crazy, but I was not. THe withdrawal was very hard and it took me several attempts before I could get off it.
Nausea that varied from day to day. Some days were almost unnoticeable while others were almost intolerable. Didn't get any better the longer I took the meds.





Constipation and Diaohhrea. Swings between the two which is really annoying.
apathy, tiredness, sleeplessness, felt worse; emotionally numbing. I couldn't stay awake in the day and just wanted to lie down and had zero motivation to do anything. I also had bad headaches, different to my normal migraines.
severe drowsiness, irritability, hypermania
Loss of weight, but this was just a result of my mood stabilization as I had developed serious eating disorders.
dry mouth, thirsty, dehydration, racing heart at times, inability to fall asleep at times
I didn't notice any side effects from Adderall.  However, it is metabolized very quickly and only stays effective for about 3 to 4 hours.  Forgetting to take the second dose around 1:00pm makes for a confusing afternoon, until I remember to take it.
In the beginning I had nightmares and some nausea, but that all passed within a few weeks. When I stopped taking the medication, I did suffer some side effects.
I've always been one to freak out at the slightest appearance of illness - I have anxiety as well as bipolar disorder.  When I was told that lamotrigine (the first drug I've been on for bipolar) caused a potentially fatal rash, I decided that this time, I was going to try not to worry.  One out of ten people experience a rash on the drug - and I tried to be rational - that means I'm likely to be one of the nine that doesn't.





Oh, was I ever wrong.





Firstly, the lamotrigine didn't help with moods.  I wanted to die for two days more badly than I ever had in my life on this drug. It was excruciating.  Luckily, I have a lot of support, and I (obviously) didn't kill myself.





I couldn't sleep.  I lay awake most nights until 7am.  I eventually passed out and got maybe 4-6 hours of sleep.  This is barely better than the sleep I get when I'm hypomanic.  And we all know how bad it is when bipolar people don't sleep.  Luckily, the meds did seem to keep me from going upwards mood-wise.  I also had to pee ALL THE TIME, which was not fun.





That brings me to the rash.


I first noticed a few raised bumps on my inner forearms.  I thought it would go away, that I shouldn't freak out - I wasn't going to get the rash, right?  And the next morning, I was covered in a slightly raised, red rash, even on my face and hands.  I went to the clinic, and the doctor said I was having an allergic reaction.  He told me to just go home and stop taking the lamotrigine.  He knew nothing about it or the fact that it causes rashes.  It got worse, and by night-time I was freaked out.  I called a nurse and she told me to go to the emergency room.  I did, and they had me stay the night to make sure I didn't have Steven Johnson Syndrome.  Luckily, I don't.  I just have something called "drug eruption."





Even if it's not going to kill me, it's never fun being covered in red blotches.  I still am and it's been three days.  I'm afraid to go to the Starbucks around the corner.  My verdict?  Lamictal isn't worth it.  Don't risk it.
My son became a little whiney in the evening when the medication started to wear off.
None so far.
I developed severe epigastric pain, relieved by liquid antacids in June 2006. I had to bear with it till Gastroscopy confirmed Duodenal Ulcer and I had to discontinue Aspirin since December 2006. My HDL is 36. SGPT is slightly raised since 2004.  I developed severe Hypothyroidism in July 2007 and have to take Thyroxine Sodium since confirmation of the diagnosis. Echocardiography reports Atherosclerotic AV and AO root. USG reports Fatty infiltration of Pancreas and Partially Contracted GB but I have no complain. I am having occasional pain in joints and they are being cured without any additional drug
i was nauseaus the fist cuple of months but then the symptoms disapered and it also helped control my period irregularity.
Mild dry skin that improves with the use of cream.
I did not notice side effects, but was quite concerned about possibility of tarditive dyskenesia.
some nausea at first; diarrhea (abated after 1st month)
I did experience some bowel changes although the doctor did not seem to think that this would be the result of the drug. I do, however. I experienced constipation.
Annoying cough night or day ocassionally @ 10mg. Cough almost non-existent @ 20mg. No other noticeable side effects.
Severe pain in pores.  Also, my dermatologist did not tell me that I could not wax my eyebrows while using this-- It will literally rip the top layer of skin off!!
Hallucinations and disturbing dreams. These effects were supposed to be temporary and only last a couple of weeks. I was still experiencing them after a month. The whole experience was extremely disturbing.
The only noticeable side effect was unpleasant aftertaste.
If you have a bottle of water, no any side effects. The main effect - you start to love yourself when you look at the mirror, cause you see results. BUT I think it's not killing appetit at all. You only have (If its possible to say so) more willing force to refuse of extra eating. But the motivation and decision are still your choice. Frankly speaking If you don't want to slim and still force yourself to eat as best habit, M. will not work. More you eat then more you want to eat.   ))
there were no side effects that i could tell.  i returned to work after 3 days in pain.
Aside from the usual drowsiness, I had a hangover feeling in the morning and as a result took the pill 2 hours before bed which resolved it. The warning label states sex drive may lessen, but with me it increased, quite dramtically actually. Usually one would consider increased sex drive a being good, but with me it was becomming disruptive to my life and the reason why I stopped taking it. I still give it high praise as it relieved my anxiety very effectively.
I find it gives me pretty severe tremors in my hands. It doesn't happen as often as it used to, but when it does it's almost a minute before it stops. Also I get extemely vivid dreams, usually about mundane things. Some light headedness and dizziness still occurs, but the instances are few and far between now.
The drug made me drowsy. I would sleep for nine or ten hours at night and still need a nap during the day. It also decreased my motivation to get things done.
weight gain around mid-section,loss of libido.
extremely red, irritated, sore skin, extreme sun sentitivity.  One are even blistered, eventually so badly that my dr. said stop using it.
The side effects include forgetfullness and one should not drive after taking the medication.
netropenia, stort of breath , muscle weakness, nausea, hair loss, menopuse, unable to find any peace of mind. Would reccomend eating bucket fulls of fruit.
I took 20mg once a day for two months, But did not feel right,was experiencing 


Confusion, Stumbeling, Forgetting words, Not being able to pronounce some words, joint pain, urinary urgency... and the need to alway go,started having tingleing anywhere on your body (hands feet, fingers, toes, face, arms, legs and so on), swelling of your feet or hands stealed energy felt like a ninety year old women esepecially in the morning.
None.
I had a blackened tongue, the drug seemed to affect kidney / liver function, creating grey skin appearance and lethargy over course of medication.  Did not mix with alcohol.
It makes me sleepy, but it's definitely worth it. I'd rather feel tired than have a panic attack
Dry skin, which was easily taken care of with a moisturizer.


Dry lips.


I didn't experience any of the other side effects often mentioned such as depression.
no side effects.
severe nausea, dizziness, lightheaded...I couldn't eat or drink many foods
While taking methadone I gained a significant amount of weight and metabolism slowed markedly. Suffered from chronic constipation wich also led to bloating and stomach discomfort.
I have not experienced any treatment side effects.  I do have to rinse my mouth out after each dose to prevent oral yeast infection.
None...YET
The first side effect I noticed was my complete lack of sex drive. After this came the ridiculous mood swings that caused fights with my boyfriend over nothing. I would just cry for no reason at all and I felt like I was going insane. Breast tenderness was also becoming an annoyance because it would last for months. While these side effects were severe to me, the worst is the huge concave I now have in my thigh. While I had a total of four injections, only one caused a huge dimple. It's really embarassing and extremely noticable and I'm not sure why it happened. The doctor said it has happened to a few other patients including discoloration of the injection site. This is when I got off Depo and switched to Seasonique... Hopefully, this will work out better.
I experienced migraine headaches several times per week where I could not do anything other than lay down with the lights off while on this medication. At first, I had no idea what was causing them, but my doctor informed me that my symptoms could be indicative of a more severe side effect, and she therefore advised me to stop taking them. They also caused some bloating and moodiness.
mild-moderate fatigue on awakening, brain fog till after lunch (at 10 mg dose)
20mg - Mild nausea, stomach aches.  Dry mouth.  It made me very, very tired, so I take it before bed and sleep wonderfully. With 40mg dosage - increased sweating, faintness, nearly passing out.
Well I was quite leary about starting Seasonique, I was already taking Yaz and I loved it, but 4 periods a year why pass that up. From the moment I started taking it, it wasn't a decreased sex drive, I had none at all, which made the birth control completely useless to me. In addition to that, the acne just kept getting worse, I didn't have acne to begin with besides the occasional blemish here and there. It started getting worse on my face, then my chest, then my back, (it's not just one here or one there, my back, chest, and chin are seriously covered) I've even had one on my ribs! Crazy! My boobs no longer fit into my bras, even some shirts. It was like they doubled in size overnight (not a huge problem, just annoying with no explanation). I went out and bought a bra, a week later it didn't even cover my boobs. Lastly, I've been fretting the last 2 weeks because I still haven't gotten my period! I never had a problem with my periods showing up in the past, they've always been lighter and not very long, pretty ideal actually. The Dr. said I would bleed between... still not bleeding! I've taken 3 pregnancy tests, wasted 10 bucks on each! Oh yeah, I've been crying for no reason at all the last month. I started crying over some lady I didn't even know at work. I do not recommend taking Seasonique. I know it must be expensive although I don't know how much because my Dr. gave me sample packs and I'm not going to bother refilling it. Also they give you a coupon for $50 off and $25 off the next refill, if they are giving that much off it must be a lot. It wasn't terrible, just nothing was expected (and I still have no clue as to why I haven't gotten a period yet). I've tried several other birth control pills and never had any side effects with any of them. This is the first time I tried one where I only get a period every three months so maybe those are way different or something. If you are looking for a good pill, Yaz worked great for me and I never had any breakthrough bleeding, mood swings, loss of sex drive, acne or anything. Hope this helps.
None
Increased appetite, blurred vision and mental confusion. I would eat a 1/2 gallon of ice cream each night while on this medicine.
Some dizziness and spaced out feelings.
dizziness, fatigue, loss of appetite
None
The side effects were dry, tender, itchy skin. Lotion and Sunblock were very necessary.
A little sleepiness at first.
mild tendency to gain weight, however appetite which had been flagging was regained
I first tried the tablets and they would sit on my stomach as if I had a brick for breakfast. So I tried the oral solution which, in fact, was better on the stomach but,still, not completely without side effects. Most of the days I took Fosamax I had a slight stomach discomfort during the morning.
After a few days on this medication, it caused persistent diarrhea lasting several weeks.
Side effects are sleeping very heavily and waking up beyond my usual time feeling a bit loopy. I am able to drive to work, but find it hard to verbalize during conversations and seem to be grasping for words at times, which is embarrassing in my field of work.i have also found myself to be quite unproductive at work,accomplishing anything seems to be a major chore.
At first it made me a little tired but that did not last long
The side effects is weight gain.  As it was explained to me, the methadone slows down your metabolism, hence the weight gain.
Nausea,chills,difficulty breathing,indigestion,dizziness,lightheaded,tired,anxiety
peeling for the first few weeks and a lot of redness in the first 2 weeks also.
This drug gave me alot of strange sensations.  When I turned my head left or right, I got this mild scratchy or whip like noise in my ears along with a tingling in my head; also my vision seemed to briefly black out.  This lasted for many months. I thought it was perhaps not real or just in my head. My psychiatrist called it "tracking" and confirmed it as a known side affect with paxil use.  I didn't bother to worry anymore about it.  This passed after some months.  I no longer get it.  I felt very dizzy and sleepy at times.  I'd fall asleep anywhere.  I don't know if it was the depression, the paxil, lack of sleep, my body trying to heal from stress.  Sometimes I felt like I was living life from inside of a fish bowl (from sensory standpoint). I was chronically late to my job of 8 years for 2 years straight after suffering this nervous breakdown (due to spousal abuse).  Subsequently, I was fired.


When I miss doses of the paxil, especially 2 or more in a row, I feel like I did when I just started them.  I can barely get out of bed and function.  I'm super sleepy.  I feel drunk.  I'm dizzy.  I will literally go missing for 2 days.  It takes a few days of regular doses to get me back into my normal mode.
Side effects were more severe at the onset of taking tamoxifen. I had hot flashes that were quite severe. They often came without warning especially at mealtime. I also had some body aches and pains. Vaginal dryness was also severe. My period became erratic. After 2 years most side effects have decreased - hot flashes are gone as well as the aches. My period has been non-existant for 4 months. However, I feel irritable and edgy about the regularly scheduled time for a few days. The effexor helps. Dryness is still a problem but not as severe. Vaginal odor continues to be a concern.
I think I did experience some drowsiness from the medication, but nothing that was overly so such that I could not function at work.
I feel a little drowsy and slightly lightheaded for about 30 minutes after taking medicine, but it is not severe enough to interfere with my work or life.
Extreme shortness of breath (exhausted just walking from bedroom into bathroom and adding an inhaler did not significantly improve the condition, dizziness, chest pressure, water retention, confusion. The night sugars dipped dangerously low so I discontinued my night injection of Lantus. I have lost my independence with the use of this drug and become homebound.
slightly "drugged" feeling, went away after a few days
The medication took almost thirty minutes to kick in.  Once the medication started to take affect, I began to develop a tingling sensation in my left hand and later my right hand.  I also noticed my hands were very shaky after the medication was in my system for at least an hour.
I developed acne that continnued to worsen until I stopped using it.  I had peeling and redness around my chin and peeling on my forehead.
none
NAUSEA!!! You must remain upright after taking the dose or you will get severe acid reflux.
weight loss and loss of appetite
Impossible to stop taking; had to do a Librium switch to get off this drug. The withdrawal is horrid, and there are tons of people suffering because of this.
It hurt my stomache. I followed the direction and took it with food. My symptoms of the muscle, joint pain, fatigue, etc. seemed to almost get worse.
Absolutely none.
none
I dream a little more.
The only side effect is a mild drowsiness.  I take a very small dose.  The highest I take at one time is .5 mg.
Mild nausea and mild dizziness that were dose related.
none
Impotence, tremor
I found that despite the great benefits mentally, the physical side effects are a fair trade. 





I was about 115 lbs when I started this drug 10 months ago. Today I way about 147lbs. That's definitely a 37 pound gain.





Additionally, I always prided myself on my enormous amount of energy. After taking this drug I am extremely lethargic in the hours after taking it (bedtime) and the morning hours.
NONE I DID NOT HAVE ANY SIDE EFFECTS, ONLY THAT MAYBE IT WILL HELP TO PREVENT BREAST CANCER, I HAVE A STRONG FAMILY HISTORY, MOTHER, GRANDMOTHER, AUNTS, COUSINS, WHO HAVE DIED OF BREAST CANCER.  SO THIS MEDICATION IS A GOOD THING FOR ME.
I really experienced very few side effects, if any.  Initially, they started me off on a very low dosage because they just thought it was simply hypothyroidism but after a blood test, they realized that I has Hashimooto's thyroidities and moointored it more closely. At low dosages, there wasn't much improvement in my symptoms. I do have excessive sweating but they aren't sure if that is the synthroid or menopause and the doctors don't really seem concerned.
Some constipation, maybe dry mouth and eyes (not sure if there is a direct cause and effect, but definitely an overlap in timing). About three months ago I started waking up during the night (anywhere from 12:30 am to 3 am) without being able to go back to sleep. Have tried numerous other medications and they all had much, much worse side effects that trazodone.
SEVERE shooting, burning pains in all four extremities.  Prolonged heart rhythms, hallucinations, nightmares, insomnia.  Weakness and pain in all four extremitities.  Was a healthy 25 year old PE teacher prior to this poison.  Now in a wheelchair.
dry skin and occasional nausea
Slight itching for the first month or so.
I experienced no adverse side effects when using Indomethacin with food as directed, and was very pleased with the almost immediate reduction in pain and swelling.
Now this I can describe: Lethargy - stared at the walls when awake, which wasn't often - most of the time I was passed out cold - even on Adderall; hideous nightmares - so horrible that I won't repeat them; constant sweating; incontinence; emotionally and physically numb; muscle twitches; rash on tongue.
Larger dose was initially prescibed, side effects were migranes and blurred vision. Neither of these had been experienced prior to taking this drug and when it was reduced to 20mg side effects were not completely eliminated but considerably reduced.
Horrible feeling. My heart felt like it would explode. I had horrible tic like behavior. I picked at my skin until permanently damaged. I had horrible dry mouth and I had bad breath.
none
I had my period (some spotting, but mostly consistent bleeding) for two out of the three months of my first pill pack.  I also fought off migraines for about three days of the last month (middle of the month).  I also had the worst acne I've had since I was a teenager.
weight loss, jittery feeling, insomnia, withdrawal, isolation
Constant, horrible bitter taste.
Small bowel perforation and lesion(wall thickened)
Sometimes I lash out for no reason at all.  With Lexapro I remember having to wait a few weeks to get results, so I'm sure I'll wait.
Joint pain, reduction of bone mass
It does cause the skin to flake and peel but this can be counteracted with a good moisturizer.  Also, my face gets red or flushed easily with the slightest irritant.  Lastly, not being able to stay in the sun is a downfall.
I developed diarrea after taking the ver first dose. I took it for about a week with no decrease in this side effect. I stopped taking it for 2 days and noticed relief instantly. I then began taking it again and side effects returned.
Dry mouth.
Loss of limbido.  My case probably isn't a perfect control because I lost a high paying job, moved to another state, and moved in with my girlfriend when I began taking the medication.  Within 4 months, started a brand new job and encountered other new stressors.  





I can attribute some of the loss of libido to job related stress and moving in with my girlfriend of 5 years.  I would guess the effects on libido would be very minimal had my job and living situations remained constant.





I'm overall much happier having thicker hair than I would be with a consistent sex drive.  I am able to get more work done and focus more on important life goals than being constantly distracted with sex.  Instead of wanting sex 5 times per week, I only want it twice per month now.  Again, this is probably a plus
I became increasingly agitated and angry. After being on it for 2 months, I tried to commit suicide.
I do only have a mild rashes on my skin and a dry skin, especially on my lips.
I did not experience any treatment side effects.
I gained weight, had to take liver function tests as it's a toxic drug


Also, my teeth were chipping and my doctor thought it may have been from the drug
drowsiness, urinary retention may have caused dry mouth but not as bad as using ditropan does
edema
Slight increase in skin sensitivity, with stinging and mild redness experienced only after washing, and occasional slight flaking around mouth and eye areas. Increased sensitivity to UV light, necessitating daily use of high PPD sunscreen.
Terrible bitter taste in the mouth, some mild nausea, and a yeast infection.
Thinning of the skin in the treatment area.  Dryness in the area of treatment. Capillary breakdown in the treatment area.
None
Dry mouth leading to some dental cavities. Desire to smoke is increased. Jaw/hand/foot clenching. Loss of appetite, great for keeping thin, sometimes have to force myself to eat/drink.
There were many side effects such as mild hallucinations, major heart palpitations, and increased anxiety.
cannot prevent STD's or STI's; can irritate skin, area near patch turns red and gets very itchy, I sometimes uncontrollably scratch myself until the area bleeds after I take off a patch
joint pain in neck, back, hips, and jaw in addition to constant heartburn despite following dosage instructions accurately.
I've only been on trazodone for about a month now, but already I experience a bad taste in my mouth. Also when im just lying down and relaxing I get this sharpe pain in my right ribs as well as down my right side into my mid back. It only began when I started taking this medication.
Nervousness,  cause weird night time dreams and made cigs taste like crap.It made the nicotine completely ineffective.  the desire went down after several days. I don't really have much else to say.
The only side effect I have noticed is "electric shock" type feelings if i am a good few hours late.





Try not to be late!
Dry, cracked lips. Dark eye are due to thinning of skin. Extreme photosensitivity. Very dry, coarse skin.
If next dose not taken in a timely manner, effects wear off very quickly and suddenly very tired. Small bubbling in head at times. If dosage even slightly too high, then noticable heart palpitations present along with increased heart rate. Active dreaming if taken late in the day.
I felt a little unmotivated during the aftgernoons.  Mornings, I was quite peppy but afternoon arrived and I felt sleepy, which is not normal for me.  I also had headaches upon waking up and  felt a bit unfocused.  But overall, it was great!
The only side effect I have noticed has been a bit of drowsiness (but it IS bedtime).
Weight loss, decreased appetite. If take too late in the day, may affect ability to sleep.
None.
There have so far been to side effects with this drug.
I had no side effects except some slight burning once in a while when I put them in my eye.
I had mild nausea at first but that stopped.
There were no noticeable side effects.
Sometimes it would make my heart race so fast I wouldn't be able to sleep at night. This happened about 1 out of ever 5 times I took it.
none
I do not experience side effects IF I practice these other habits:  not drink any coffee after 10 am; I have to take the drug between 9:30 and 10:15 pm and go to sleep then.  If I take the drug after 10:30pm, I will be woozy and drugged the next day.  If I have to stay up later for any reason, then I can't take the drug and therefore will have insomnia and interrupted sleep.
ZERO side effects.
I started taking 5mg daily for the first two weeks and did feel an increase in anxiety which subsided after a couple of days. When I increased to 10 mg the anxiety returned and then again subsided. I also felt "far away and fuzzzy headed" for about 3 weeks. Insomnia was also an initial side effect. After 6 weeks I am not experiencing any side effects and am extremely grateful for my improved mood.
None
the side effects were minimal and consisted of dry, cracked lips. Aquafor did help alleviate that situation. My mood was mildly affected. I did experience some mood swings from time to time. The other downside was having to go do the monthly bloodwork. Not having insurance and a tight schedule at work made it a little inconvenient and certainly expensive.
Strong and first difficult to control bowel movements
none
Honestly, none for me. I sleep, did not gain an ounce, in fact I lost a small amount of weight even though I did not need to, no sexual side effect at all! Only thing that was tough was waiting for the dosage level to become theraputic in my system, which as I mentioned took about 3 weeks.
i feel nauseated about 1/2 hour after i take it
At the beginning : digestion problems,difficulty in sleeping, tireness 


During the whole treatment : No Libido


Withdrawal syndrome : high anxiety, sleeping problems, nausea, nightmares, dizziness. 


It has been really hard to withdraw it. I have Tried it 5 times, and the latest one was able to stabilize with 10 mg of paroxetine, and I feel ok with that dose for 2 years.
topa-tingles (tingly fingers and toes) and tingles around my lips. This went away once my dose got to 400. Seeing light tracers. word loss. memory loss. hair loss. dry itchy skin. massive weight loss into the scary skinny territory. dangerously low potassium. I was able to reduce most of my side effects by taking potassium supplements and adding ensure drinks to my diet.
Unclear thinking
Horrible, wretched diarrhea. I lost six pounds in five days. I could barely eat because I couldn't keep anything down. I had to survive on white bread slices, crackers and water. Anything else caused diarrhea. It was so bad that I called my doctor and asked her to prescribe me something else. She told me that the two days remaining on my perscription were just extra insurance to make sure my infection was gone before surgery. She basically said she would normally only prescribe five days so with that I discontinued use. Feel better now but still have diarrhea. Been off for 1 day.
When weening off I had 'shock like' sensations.weight loss was an initial side effect as well as diarrhea. Became ill if I drank alcohol at all.
This product made my rosacea go from mild to severe in a matter of 2 days. Has now been 6 days, with no improvements of the damage done by this junk. Horrible, horrible product.  The best way to ease you rosacea is go on a diet of lemon water and plain, boiled chicken for a week. Take about 2 gm of pantothenic acid a day.  It sucks, but it will clear it up.
No Side effects
Grogginess in the morning
During the first month I had insomnia. I slept about 3 hrs per night; however, I didn't feel fatigued by it. I also lost about 20 lbs in the first 6 months.
When the dose was raised, the patient suffered suicidal ideation!  This was bad.  At lower dose it seemed to be ok.  Dosage takes 2-3 weeks to take affect.  Side effects also will not be observed until dose builds up in the system.  You may see lesser instances of self denegration first.  Watch for that.
none -- i was warned that many blood pressure medications have bothersome side-effects including lowered libido, sleep disturbances etc.  i suffered no change in any physiological symptoms other than the lowering of my blood pressure
I don't remember any. (except sensitivity to sun with flagyl)
none
I took it at night and it made it very difficult to wake up in the morning.  Also, after I took it, I would go right to sleep but if something woke me up within the first few hours of taking it, I had a VERy hard time going back to sleep.
Some insomnia, very vivid dreams, sweating at night. DO NOT MISS DOSES OR STOP TAKING...discontinuation happens really quickly and is the harshest I've ever felt (I've come off of Lexapro, amitriptyline and nortriptyline) Also my heartrate has increased slightly.
none
periodic headaches
Bitter taste in the mouth next morning. Bitter taste in the mouth next morning.


Bitter taste in the mouth next morning. Bitter taste in the mouth next morning.


Bitter taste in the mouth next morning. Bitter taste in the mouth next morning.


Bitter taste in the mouth next morning. Bitter taste in the mouth next morning.
Dizziness, lightheadedness, and blurred vision.
The first day I didn't take Mobic(Day 5) I experienced withdrawal like symptoms. Didn't want to get out of bed after eight hours of undisturbed sleep. Severe stomach cramping followed by diarrhea. I feel really strange. I can't focus. My pain is back. Face feels tingly. I have a shaky feeling. Nauseous. As the day progresses I am feeling less of these symptoms. I don't think it's worth all this.
None.
a little tired in the am ,but nothing horrible
Previous medications (Nortrytpaline, amatryptaline) had a major sedative reaction.  I was unable to get up in the mornings and was sleepy all day long.


Also a dry mouth contributed to tooth decay as I was always having some sort of 


mint or candy or gum in my mouth.
Mild testicular ache, reduced ejaculate
very slight dry skin in the areas I used the gel the most.
None - I felt no different at all
Missing a dose of this medication is HORRIBLE. I start feeling withdrawal symptoms after 24 hours of not taking my medication. I once went 3 days without the 75mg pills, and I thought I was going to die. I was in a constant spin, I cried the whole time, I was exhausted, but I couldn't lay still. I was so nauseous that I couldn't eat and dry heaved for days. I literally thought I was going to die. DO NOT MISS A DOSE OF THIS MEDICATION!! In the beginning of treatment, I started out with 37.5mg pills and I did feel nauseous and dizzy for the first few days until my body adjusted, but it was nothing compared to how I would be feeling in 2 weeks! I do think this medication completely killed my sex drive. I don't have the urge to be intimate at all.
If I took the recommended dose (half to a full pill) I would get very tired.  Once I tested different dosages and decreased it to a quarter, I cannot remember any side effects.
The only thing i didnt like about this drug is that with taking it overtime I felt as if my body built tolerance to the drug as well as became more dependent on it. I still am until this day and have managed to ween off the drug. Then again every ones body is different, Just do your research before taking benzodiazepines long term.
My son did not notice/experience any side effects.  There did not seem to be any physical reaction with the drug except that he became better within days.
dryness
Immediate side effects that I noticed were with my immune system.  I got sick (colds and upper respiratory infections) more easily and I had one bug bite that became infected and took a long time to heal.  I also noticed that I put on a few pounds (2-3) but am not sure if that is related or not.
Severe rectal pain, beginning around 4 weeks into the treatment. At first there was burning, after bowel movements, then increased to severe burning all the time, then to pain, and finally severe pain (could not sit or lay down). No hemorrhoids, tears, or fisures, but the pain continued, even if no bowel movements for days. Finally stopped taking the medication at the end of August 2009, but the symptoms continue even now (Feb 2010), although not nearly as bad. Now the pain just makes me sit sideways, but at least I can sit and lay down to sleep.
Nausea, weakness leg and feet cranps shortness of breath rapid heart rate. After a short time I discontinued the medicine, symptoms held on for three more days, Still not feeling well but there has been mild improvement
Headaches occasionally.
there were no side effects
GAIN WEIGHT (60 pnds) fron 125 lbs to 180 lbs (5'4"). Lazyness, sugar and candy cravings, depression form gain weight, sleep a lot, no concordance, No sex, confussion, nightmares, moody, constinspation at the begginng, face breakouts, intolerance, short of breath, headeach..among others.
gallbladder disease;reflux
None
I became severely addicted to the drug. With flu like symptoms when out of meds. I became dependant on the meds everyday to function and because it was working for enabling me to go about my day I didn't look for a proper treatment. In the end I wouldn't say that these pain medication do anything but mask the initial problem and my Dr considered the problem solved and didn't seek an alternate method of helping me long term
Yeast infections occasionally.
I had absolutely no side effects.
The treatment side effects of Levaquin were very similar to my sinusitis symptoms, hence the fact I stayed on the drug for several days.  Side effects included headache, dizziness, lightheadedness and nausea (nausea is not a symptom of sinusitus that I ever experienced before).  The side effects slowly got worse the longer I took the drug.
None
The only adverse effect I experienced was when I tried to play doctor and wean myself from the meds. It was like withdrawals from hard drugs; chills, nausea, etc. I took periodically myself off my meds because I didn't want to be dependant on medicaton. It was always the wrong thing to do.
mild sleepyness
Side effects included dryness and irritation of the skin, which were both in part, very mild.
The side effects were the drug made me not able to sleep at night. It gave me restless legs,and insomnia. It also took away my apitete.
Some days of severe depression, extremely dry skin
drowsy when i first woke up but once i got moving around it went away
Loss of weight- appetite suppression. Complete loss of sexual interest. Kind of a bummer but preferable to the depression. Also experienced an episode of intense confusion around the time it was supposed to be kicking in.
when i first took it it seemed to make me depressed but after a while that seemed to go away. other than that i have had no side effects.
A rash on my face occurred after two days and the medicine made very anxious. After moving to Okalahoma, allergies became a problem.  Different medicines prescribed and over the counter were tried.  At one point, I had to visit the doctor every six months two get a B12 shot and a steroid shot.  I was not pleased with the such frequent visits to the doctor's office but needed a treat for my new found allergies that were really affecting my work and family life. Both my 4 year old son and I tried Zyrtec.  We both had an allergic reaction in the form of a rash on our face.
Early in treatment Drs. would give me a specific dose to take for as long as 6 weeks. During this amount of time, on say..30-20 mgs per day, my thyroid would become so enlarged, I could barely swallow.. I now have a better handle on it.. and monitor my self with either breaking pills or smaller doses which I can control.


ALSO--I now have Osteopenia.
Suicidal thoughts (calm idea of jumping off 14th floor)
there were absolutly no side affects , I didn't have a dry mouth as I know some other medication can cause , no upset stomach , sickness ,or dizzyness.
There was no perceptible side effect experienced by the patient; this is possibly possibly due to the inattentive nature of the patients deep depression.  The patient also had extreme sleep apnea.
Horrible for me. Acquired secondary insomnia (for the entire duration), at one point, didn't sleep for 5 days.


Had a very intense feeling of delayed reactions/delayed feelings. ie. would go to turn the music up in the car and would turn the dial the wrong way. Took a few seconds to feel what I was actually touching, grabbing.


Killed my sex drive.


Withdrawl is EXTREME. Constant crying, very vivid and disturbing dreams, general listlessness.
I did not notice any.
Drowsiness which was not a major issue for me. phase of depression each time i stopped taking the pill. I didn't realize what was causing it until after the last couple of times. I mean a serious phase of depression which was new to me since i have never experienced depression before
No side effects
I felt a little tired at times,and some dizziness  i ended up taking it at night 


and that seem to help.
suspect that long-term over-use of this anti-biotic is part of the domino effect


that disrupted immune system which set stage for cancer diagnosis at age 40
One rather odd side effect, which others on the drug have commented upon, is that you forget words.  I've always been very articulate, and it can be frustrating to be in the middle of a conversation, or when I was doing training sessions, to suddenly go blank and be completely unable to remember a word I've used all my life.  Also, at one point I decided to go off the medication in the vain hope I could manage the migraines without drugs.  Even coming off the Topamax over a period of months, I gained 20 pounds.
felt funny and would get sort of dizzy
None
none known
I had a severe headache that lasted a week. Vaginal iching. Loss of sexual desire.
I found it slightly more difficult to drive while under the influence of the drug, and oftentimes I caught myself spacing out.  Sun exposure seemed to strengthen the drug's effect, and being in the sun made me lethargic and sometimes even dizzy.  Overall, I always felt as though I was on an irregular level of consciousness, and not in the same mental place as surrounding people not on the drug.
Mild redness in the first three or four weeks, especially after exfoliating in the morning (which is my habit, not something recommended by my dermatologist though I have not asked).  It is a lot more urgent that I get moisturizer on after washing my face in the morning than it used to be before starting this treatment.  My face feels very tight and uncomfortable until I get the moisturizer on.
None.
Byetta had slight nausea effects at first
gastric side effects
The main side effects I experienced with Climara were bloating, weight gain and indigestion/gas. I gained 8 pounds in two months! As soon as I stopped the drug, the bloating and gas disappeared, and my weight gain is returning to normal.
there were no side effects from the dosage I take
I have had a persistent cough since taking this drug.
Bizarre dreams on nightly basis.  Possibly digestive problems.
dry skin
Waking up in the night and not being able to sleep. Shaking. Nervousness. Agitation. Sweating. Increased sex drive. Upset stomach/ flatulance. Tiredness. Dejavous.
With the HCT added to the Benicar, I was constantly going to the bathroom.  My potassium got so low on this medication that I am currently taking 3 potassium pills daily.
This drug has severe side effects, and I was not told about ANY of them! I believe I have gotten shingles as a side effect from this drug. Shingles tends to happen to the elderly or people with weakened immune systems. My immune system was weakened by this drug enough to get shingles!  Do your research before continuing to choose to use this product.
headaches, dizzy spells, extreme breast tenderness (like someone is crushing them), anxiety, slight depression, very bad cramps, very large clots, mood swings, heart palpitations
I did not experience any perceptible side effects.
Did not notice any undesirable side effects.  The only thing that could be mentioned is that if one embarks on a significant exercise routine such as elleptical stairstep machine for 30+ minutes/day and keeps up the exercise for weeks on end while at the same time taking the Atacand, one may end up with a [not undesirable] blood pressure in the 112/65 range.
Sedation--I almost the entire time I took the medication...I'm not sure I could have taken this and gone to work.
dry mouth at first week then no side effects ,even when I went up to a dose of 500mg a day under the care of a psychatrist
There were no side effects.
none that I am aware of
None
none really.  Maybe groggy but not terribly.
I experienced significant peeling of my skin all over my face.
sleepiness, it must be taken at bedtime. and some memory loss. a bit of blurred vision. If there is no food in the stomach there can be nausea. If I get up in the middle of the night I sometimes vomit.
Extreme mood swings, unpredictable periods of depression/anger. Not only have I experience these drastic out-lashes of extreme anger onto others for no logical reason, my friend, also on the pill, experienced the same effect. She's stopped taking it, but I can't for fear of being unprotected.
Within twenty minutes of taking Topamax I began to get tingles in my feet and bad in my hands. The next two weeks when they had moved my doze from 50mg to 100mg I felt like a dud in class. I couldn't remember anything that I would have been able to grasp so much more quickly before. I would stumble on my words and get so confused. On top of all this, I was constantly in a bad mood and depressed. I finally said enough was enough the day I got over heated at the lake, I got over heated because Topamax doesn't let you sweat. Overall, the side effects over ruled the relief.
bluuring vision, moodiness, depression, panic attacks, weight gain, skin problems
grogginess in the morning
i broke out into hives all over my torso
In the begining of treatment she was nauseas, dizzy, light headed, spacey, these symptoms decreased with time. She still gets what we call "lyrica head" on cloudy days.  "Lyrica head" is a foggy feeling.  Other patients taking lyrica that we have spoken to complain of this also.
At first my face was really red, dry, and flakey. After about 4 mos my face still gets red sometimes and is a little burny/itchy which it makes it hard to shave.
If I took the pill and also several Tums or rolaids, I would get diarrhea.
Jitters, energized, not as tired as i use to be
In the first couple of weeks I felt a bit upset in my stomach, otherwise I was fine.
Mild sinus headache at times depending on how bad my allergies were.
Dry skin in all areas treated. Dry area would develop after about a week of use and then would need to discontiue use for a few days.
None
Lack of sleep, this is why I was perscribed lunesta 3mg per night. Really happy and more talkative, have to watch what I say.  Weight loss, loss of appetite, headaches from not eating, shakey, mild dizzyness, blurred vision, forgetfulness, moody if I missed a dose or it wore off, can become addicting, temporary fix to a permanent problem. Mild run around with getting the perscription filled because it is classified as a c2.
There was some indication that there was at least some increase nausa as well as some infrequent but increased bouts of diarrhea.  There were a few episodes of vomiting, but it might be attributed to other factors for this one side effect.  There was definitely increased insomnia as well as loss of appetite, but it can not be definitively stated that the drug alone contributed to these although it did occur after the drug was begun.
It put a damper on my libido.  I wasn't much interested in having relations with my husband.  He was not too pleased with this.  I wasn't happy with this side effect either since it is not very good for a marital relationship.
Severe joint pain knees, sleeplessness, vaculitis.
I experienced some mild hot flashes during the month I took the drug.  These hot flashes were not of the intensity that I experienced when I first started to experience menopause.  I did have more ackiness in my bones and joints when I first starting taking it but these went away after the first few weeks.
dizziness, drowsiness, decreased sex drive


The full effect took a while to build up
none i could tell at this time.  if has been known to cause skin irritation due to sunlight, but due to the weather this has not been an issue
With Lyrica I have put on a bit of weight, this is rather depressing so now on anti depressants. For now I have Irritable Bowel Syndrome and the pains are not too good each day.
All day on the day after taking the medication, I had symptoms that resembled low blood sugar.  I was very jittery after a small amount of caffeine (less than I normally drink).  All day I had this unpleasant effect.  But it was not as bad as having a headache all day.
After taking the drug for 7 months, I literally developed severe gastric reflux one evening (June 2007).  Actual acid reflux disappeared within a few days, but symptoms feeling like a hard, sometimes painful lump in my esophagus persisted for months, especially when lying down.  Even after giving up Fosamax 2 months after initial symptoms occurred (in Sept '07, the condition persisted.
The only side effects from Wellbutrin is that sometimes I had difficulty getting to sleep if I took the dose later in the day (past noon).
Generally I fell a little dull or numb in the head, very slightly dizzy. Rarely there is a little tightness in the chest.
the only side effects were a little irritability of the skin around the nose and eyes. Maybe because some product gets trapped in the deeper wirinkles in that area, so must be careful to distribute evenly.
Benzoyl peroxide is a strong bleaching agent and ruined many bathtowels and pajamas and bedsheets and pillowcases. During the wintertime, this treatment was mildly irritating to dry or sensitive skin. During the summertime, perspiration tended to cause this product to run off the target area and bleach clothing around the collar or neckline. Some mild dryness and scaling
none
no side effects were noted. i had heard that on wellbutrin that alot of people(this was word of mouth) lose weight but this was not the case with me dag gum it!
skin is too dry and flaky.  need for exfoliation is paramount.  what exfoliation regimen to take is the next issue.
pain, bad moods, gettin sick, blackouts, takin 100mg per day without even remembering that was me takin them, no sex drive, bleeding from anal, sore mouths , put wieght on, sore jaw BUT BUT BUT do feel SOOOO much better and what i was going through before mentelly was much worse so these are nothin and only a few of the long f side effects i took u have to be strong to do this.
no side effects that were at all bothersome. BP medicine makes me sleepy so I take at night. No side effects that I can tell from thyroid medicine
Dry skin.
The biggest side-effect was that it made me experience shock-waves through my head and sometimes even my body, just like if someone would have turned on and off a lamp very quickly. That side-effect ended the same time I stopped taking Seroquel. The other one was that everything started to smell and taste very bad. Its hard to explain exactly how, but it was a mix of vodka and mould. After I stopped taking the medication it took 2 weeks for the taste/smell-problem to disapear.
When I first took Benadryl, I took two tablets (50 mg) on an empty stomach.  The medication left me nauseated and lethargic.
When I took it twice a day for a week for an injury, my stomach got upset.  Taking one 500mg dose daily just a few days a week I only notice a very subtle spaciness, but I'm very drug sensitive.
fatigue, decreased mental acuity, weight gain.
none that I'm aware but it didn't always work when I used it. I'd no if it didn't work within 30 mins it wouldn't work at all. You can build up and immunity quite quickly to this drug which lessens the effectiveness of the drug
Levoxyl did nothing for me. I felt flat. lack of energy and spirit.
drowsiness but couldn't stay asleep, weird dreams that jolted me awake, jitters, day drowsiness, weakness/tingling in extremeties, zombie like at times due to the drowsiness.I also felt I had a cloudy mind at times.
severe stomach pain at night,extreme appetite during the day, and always tired
The side affects were realy they inclued;


 Leg jerking/kicking in bed at night 


 sudden stiffning of legs ( unable to walk)


Eyes unable to close 


eyes rolling back into head


unable to make it to the toilet on time


sleeping a lot


gained 12kg


unable to think , no thoughts in head


unable to concentrate
No libido
I only experienced one side effect from this medication which I will mention as follows. The side effect that experienced throughout the course of treatment was the persuasive bitter taste in the mouth. Other than that single side effect I did not experience any other side effects that I am aware of.
Noticable growth of eyelashes, becomes thicker and lusher because of the eye drops.
none known.    Always taken with a full glass of water and nothing else was consumed for a least 30 min.  There were no digestive problems even though I had long standing reflux.  I was also told to take a pepcid AC the night before to reduce acid reflux and increase absorption of the fosamax.  I think the Pepcid AC may have helped.
Significant weight gain, weak muscles, fogginess, nightmares, sleepwalking and loss of appreciation for humor.
more anxiety at first for about 3 weeks. some headaches,nausea
asthmatic condition.  Heavy chest, dry cough, weakness, cumulative effect over days.  Still prone to shortness of breath and tightness and heavy chest feelings, very sensitive to sulphides in wine and vinegars etc, was not before this. I only became aware of this connection when I took some I had left for  a period pain, once again within seconds I was really ill.
None
dry mouth, itchiness everywhere,red and warm ears, heart palpitations, didn't socialize with my coworkers like i use to,
Dry skin and slight skin pigmentation.
None - this is the last in a series of similar drugs that I tried and discontinued because of a variety of side effects. Protonix seems to be the one that I can tolerate. But I still occasionally get the bloat/overstuffed feeling.
insomnia


vivid dreams


nausea


headaches


chest pains


arrhythmia
slight spotting for more than 7 days each cycle
None that I noticed
Cognitive deficits, memory problems, word retrieval difficulties, inability to experience complex emotions, lack of motivation, true lack of ability to absorb written information.
The worst were the terrible nausea, gas and abdominal distress.  I would be so nauseous after taking the drug that I would have to lie down for about forty five minutes before I could function.  Also, as the treatment wore on, the gas pains became so painful that I just had to stop taking the drug.  The gas pains grew more severe over time.
After day three, I noticed a burning sensation with both feet. After week two, pain arrived in both feet, with swelling and joint pain. Stopped medication after week 3. Went to a neurologist for 2 hrs. of neurologic testing of my nerves. Peripheral neuropathy was the diagnosis. I have been fighting the pain and burning in my feet with no reversal for about a year now.
The erthyromycin was prescribed for cystic acne. The erthyromycin is an orally administrated drug for the treatment of bacterial infections. Gastrointestinal disturbances, such as diarrhea, nausea, abdominal pain, and vomiting, are fairly common.  Although I did not have any vomiting reactions the other disturbances did occur. The treatment with the erthyromycin did not relieve the cystic acne. I was taking the erythromycin three times a day for almost one year and there were no noticeable results.
After almost three months on meloxicam, suddenly, without any previous gastro-intestinal problems, I developed an intestinal perforation requiring emergency surgery.  I was hospitalized for 6 days afterward on IV antibiotics.  Since no other cause for the perforation was found, it was assumed it was caused by the medication.
When first starting the drug, diet soda tasted metallic and downright horrible.  There was definitely an adjustment period of getting used to the drug and increasing the dosage in small increments was important.  I could feel changes in my brain that are hard to describe.  Almost like the top was a little bit "lifted".  It was worth getting through this period for the results, though.  They definitely went away as my body got accustomed to the drug.  Once that happened, the migraines lessened and one pleasant side effect was that I didn't snack as often.  No "mindless munching."  I lost some weight without trying.  I felt that it was difficult to retrieve thoughts or find the right word at times.  I found it would take a few seconds longer to put my thoughts into words.  Felt a little "spacey."  As I mentioned before, I got through it after getting used to the drug.  It took several weeks but after having 17 migraine days a month and going down to 8 it was worth it.
None at all.
Made me feel like a zombie, extremly dizzy, nause and major weight gain very quickly without eating any more
I experienced no discernible side effects.
I felt groggy, sick to my stomach and had a general "heavy" feeling all of the time. Also gave me a mild headache
I can only sleep a couple of hours a night while taking the pill. A day after the last pill is taken, I have a headache for about a couple of days.
None.
Side effects started about 3 days after starting treatment. Initially lips became very dry and had to use lip salve continuosly. Then I started getting nosebleeds as the skin inside my nose became very dry and fragile.


Skin became very dry and sensitive during treatment and eyes very sensitive to light.


I had to have regular blood tests to check my lipid profile but it was not affected by the treatment.


During the second course of treatment I also got very mild depression symptoms so I stopped the treatment.
My first impression was of an over all dizzy feeling, with a full body red raised rash which appeared in 3 days.
Drowsiness.  Slight dizziness, but not remarkable.  I also thought that the drug's slow-release effect may not be as modulated as one would hope since the drowsiness and related symptoms came in spurts rather than in a constant flow, if you know what i mean.  I did not find that caffeine was helpful to promote alertness and I was nervous about driving while taking this particular medication.
G.I disorder (? other drugs) bronchial spasm - stopped after cessation of drug
Drying of the skin, some redness and some skin irritation
I didn't experience any side effects.
Too many bad side effects made this drug intolerable. Here is the list:


(1) severe mood swings, ranging from depression to hyperactive and happy states; 


(2) my appetite increased to a point where I was overeating; 


(3) my breasts were often sore/painful; 


(4) I had nightly dreams (nightmares) and had difficulty sleeping; 


(5) It did not clear my skin of pimples like my doctor said it would...
I was awake but sort of in a daze.  I had plans to do research and reading during my recuperation, but I don't remember doing much of anything for about 5 days.
mild insomnia. mild headaches only occasionally. a major one for me is i get dizzy when i stand up. oh, and more sweating with physical activity.
absolutely none.
The side effects were like a prevision of menopause - huge weight gain (20 pounds), incredible mood swings and severe bloating. My overall feeling was quite depressed and it took me a while to figure out that it had to do with the drug, not with what was going on in my personal life. I also thought that the weight gain was partially retlated to quiting smking.
The medicine MTX  was effective for fifteen years. Weekly dose of Enbrel is quiet effective. AS sson as I tke MTX 2 days after the Enbrel injection I am having severe swelling on my knee joints. Others onts remains normal. May be cronic kidney failure
Absolutely none
I have experienced no noticeable side effects during this ten year period on acyclovir.
slight nausea during the first 24 hours.
I had at least 10 yeast infections while using the Nuvaring. I had never had a yeast infection before, nor have I ever had problems getting rid of a yeast infection.   I believe the ring was the culprit.
If I took my Zyrtec in the a.m., then by mid-afternoon I could not function.  Drowziness, brain-fog, fatigue.  If I took Zyrtec at dinner-time it appeared not to affect me.  If I forgot and did not take it until bed-time, then the next morning I could 'not wake up'.  Severe tiredness.
Only side effect is that it is highly addictive. Was very hard to get off the treatment even when going down 1 mg per 2 weeks. Used the liquid for that. Could go cold turkey with all other anti-depressants but not this one. Once I went from 20 m/g per day to 15 m/g per day had to return back to initial starting dosage because my body went into extreme withdrawal.
hives, insomnia, cough, ANGINA
sexual side effects, yawning, dry mouth
Maybe a little bit of drowsiness from time to time, but other than that nothing else.
none see above
Weight gain... I gained 10-15 pounds while on the pill and because I'm only 4'10, that 10-15 pounds REALLY SHOWS. I've tried other oral contraceptives for my heavy menstrual bleeding and all of them do the same thing... they don't help regulate my menstrual bleeding but they do make me gain weight. In the future, when I need to use a method of birth control, I will not be using oral contraceptives... EVER!
None for me.
I had strange bruises all over my legs and arms.  I lost my libido as well as not caring much about anything.  I felt like I had no emotion.
excessive sedation and excessive weight gain
Clenching - jaw, legs, arms, shoulder therefore pain in muscles, also very painful hips after sitting for any length of time, driving etc.  Clenching has been getting worse over last 12 months.  Sodium Valproate augments effect of Citalopram, so currently decreasing Sodium Valproate to see if it makes any difference.
increase in migraines
headache for the 1st week. Slight nausea on days I do not eat regular Small meals.
minimal pain relief, dramatic sense of disassociation from the pain, agitation.
I had a Severe Acne rashes all throughout my body... especially on both sides of my back, arms, thigh and legs... and even all over my butt...





More over after reading the other side effects, I noticed that i also suffered most of them.. such as..     Severe allergic reactions (rash; itching;  tightness in the chest; irregular heartbeat; mood changes; numbness or tingling of hands or feet; persistent stomach pain; dizziness; headache; nausea; tiredness; trouble sleeping; weakness;
In the beginning headaches, now my blood pressure is much lower and I don't spend most of the day running to the bathroom like I took a diuretic.
This is some nasty shiznit.  After two days, I began to experience a horrible, disgusting taste in my mouth that made everything I tried to eat taste awful (in a sour, metallic sort of way).  I could even "smell" the taste.  It made me want to hurl.  I also developed a rash on my back, neck and face. I stopped taking it.  Honestly, the  sinus infection is less unpleasant than its cure.
The most negative side effect was the mood alteration. I became a completely different person. Very depressed and crying all the time for no reason. It was very very strange. Not like me at all. My mood would change constantly like a yo-yo. Also, I gained weight and felt like I was retaining water. A week before my period I would feel weak and feverish.
So far I have had no side effects.  I have been taking Omeprazole every day for a couple of years.  Although I have been prone to exhaustion the past couple of years.  The doctor(s) all swear it can have nothing to do with the omeprazole.  I would quit using it to find out if my heartburn didn't return so quickly and severely.
Definitely some peeling in the first 2-4 weeks especially around my chin. I also noticed that applying other products- like facial wash and sunscreen had a slight burning during the earlier stages.
Very large amounts of hair loss,moodiness, nausea.  Patch fell off and had to use a second replacement patch.
None.
Some initial impact to sleep patterns, some weight gain
skin dryness, peeling, irritation, flakyness


skin dryness, peeling, irritation, flakyness


skin dryness, peeling, irritation, flakyness


skin dryness, peeling, irritation, flakyness'skin dryness, peeling, irritation, flakyness


skin dryness, peeling, irritation, flakyness


skin dryness, peeling, irritation, flakynessskin dryness, peeling, irritation, flakyness
there were no side effects to the meds. really felt good after using, no side effects.  dont know what elase you want it is a good med.
none, other than needing to drink more water
Odd sensation in the head, somnolence, teeth grinding.
weight gain:25kg in 3 weeks,never recovered my original weight and it has been 9 years now.it blocks your sex drive not to say it cuts it off completely,depression
Didn't work as well some of the time, woke up mid-way, some hangover effects
The only side effects noticed were dry eyes upon waking in the morning.
none!
Occasional upset stomach, dependency on taking the drug.
Within two weeks of the first dose I began feeling a lump in my upper stomach ,even though I took my pill first thing in the morning and remained standing for more than two hours. I still started to have a feeling of acid reflux which I have never had.  I reported continuing burning sensations in upper abdomen ,and gasy production which produced belches and burps , to the prescribing Dr. immediately but he suggested continuing the med ,and use an antacid which I tried. By the second dose I had serious heartburn ,reported it to the Dr. then discontinued the medication and they changed me to Actonel, once a week ,which had none of the same adverse side effect.
Dry Mouth, Lack of sleep
fatigue and memory loss
I did not experience any side effects. Possibly because I did not the pills on an empty stomache.
irritability and extreme anxiety, mild panic attack
Get tired and have brain fogg if I forget to change patch.
See above.
The oral form did not remove the fluid.
I had a few side effects. I got bad acne (which I haven't had since I was a teenager), and hair loss. I had lost 40 lbs before I began taking the shot. After my second shot I started gaining weight. I didn't change my eating habits in any negative way, and ended up gaining 20 lbs!
I've personally experienced no side effects other than an occasional jerky type feeling in my movements. I have heard from others that this medication, although non narcotic can be difficult to cease due to withdrawal symptoms. Personally I have  had no problem with this. This medication has been known to cause seizures and is not to be taken by anyone who has experienced a seizure.
When I first started taking Lipitor I did not notice any side effects.  Approx. three months into taking the drug, however, I started noticing upset stomach.  At first I thought perhaps the caffeine in my coffee was creating the upset as I started drinking more than one cup daily.  I cutback on the coffee and did not notice a difference in stomach issues.  Approximately 6-8 months into taking the drug, I began to experience some discomfort in the legs.  As a distance walker I analyzed my workout routine to see if I had added something different but had not.  I quit taking the drug 12 months (give or take) after starting.
A little bit of nausea when the pill actually worked.  No side effects at all when the pill didn't work.
Sometimes, I feel a bit of light-headedness and dizzy. Sometimes sleepy. Although it is hard to tell if this is just from the medication or some other reason. But overall I am happy with the medication and plan on continuing to take it as long as I need to.
Mild upset stomach.
patient experiences constipation and gas on occasion.  patient is concerned as to whether or not the drug has affected his muscles.
Some mild erection problems. Nothing anywhere bad enough where I would even CONSIDER stopping.


However I am 27 now...can't be 18 forever.
The treatment side effects I experienced were in the beginning.  At the very start of taking Glucophage, I had diarrhea.  It did go away after some time on the drug.
Cymbalta elevated my liver enzymes acutely after only being on the drug for a few months.  The doctor then titrated me off of it and it took three months after I stopped Cymbalta before my liver went back to normal.  Just be sure to have your liver enzymes checked regularly if you are on this drug.
To my knowledge I had no side effects with the drug.
none
There were no noticeable side effects that I was aware of.  The product is an ointment with a rather oily feel and needs to be left on the effected areas for some period of time so I applied it at night.  I did not find that it had any effect in any positive or negative way over the period I applied it.
I got a small rash on my arms right after finishing all the pills.
I didn't experience any side effects while taking this medication.
The only side effects I had was from the Niaspan. I would get flushed and itchy (terribly uncomfortable). The doctor told me to take an aspirin (350mg) 30 minutes to an hour prior to taking the Niaspan. The aspirin worked well, I can take the Niaspan with no problems.
Over time (many years) I ntoiced reduced effectiveness and splitting of the skin in inflamed areas (on hands), despite using this product very sparingly.
irritated heartbeat, palpatations, breathlessness, dizziness, anxiety, flue like symptoms, extreme fatigue, tingling, pain in arm
none
I experienced dry skin like many other users of this drug, as well as some joint pain. Part of my treatment period was during the winter, during which I was also prone to nose bleeds and fragile skin.
None
vety nervous, weird dreams, I discontinued after awhile because I wanted my smoking buzz and not to feel weird and nervous all day.
The main side-effects were extreme drowsiness and dry mouth.  This became less prevalent as time went on.
At first, I did not associate my increasing tiredness and general lack of energy with the medicine. I just thought I was getting sick with a virus. Then, as time went on, I started to also experience muscle soreness and tightness.  By the time I started to think the way I was feeling might be related to the Lipitor, I realized, besides the physical symptoms,  I was in a state of depression.  As soon as I quit taking the pills, all the bad symptoms cleared.  A few days later, I tried taking less (half), but, again started feeling bad.
I gained 10 lbs in just a couple months, I had period munchies all the time, and could always eat. I felt uncomfortable turning down food and seemed to have a never-ending appetite. This would subside during the sugar pill week.





I suspect, but am not sure, that Yasmin also gave me some vaginal dryness. I had frequent painful sex, would get raw very easily, and actually got a tear inside my vagina from sex. If we went at it twice a day it seemed I would need a day or two break just to recover. (None of this has happened before, so the doctor suggested I move to a lower dose pill.)
There were no observed side effects with the use of this product.
Stomach issues, burning  The more adverse affect was the constant pain due to the continuing inflammation with the added and increasing reduction in movement, and muscle usage.  Worst, was the waste of time.  Another med could have been prescribed in the time I used this medicine that would have been more effective and time healing would not have been wasted.  In fact, another anti-inflammatory was prescribed that provided immediate benefits (30 minutes) without the build-up in your system that the M.D. and pharmacist said Naprosyn requires before it becomes effective.
Decreased sex emotions was the main side effect of Paxil, it made me somewhat numb. As to Fioricet , it seemed to me I became used to it, overtime I needed 2 tabs. to kill headache, instead of one tab. as it used to be.
When I take clonazepam I feel a little dizzy, just like being drunk! Its gives me a light headache. My body feels so lazy that i feel I am stuck in it. This could be a strange effect for some but it's sure better than panic!
Trying to slowly reduce the dosages so the medicine could be stopped resulted in very frequent "brain zaps." These felt like electrical shocks in the head any time I moved. The electrical shocks could be felt in my arm and chest sometimes as well. The only thing that helped was to lay down and be as still as possible, but even that did not stop the shocks. This went on for 6 months. The gradual stepping down of dosage was monitored by a doctor and was even done slower than normal but it did not prevent the "brain zaps." Headaches and some nausea also accompanied the shocks.
Skin itching; insomnia, strong urine smell; weight gain
A little "fuzzy headed" until it took effect.
Very frequent and bad dysentery. Stomach Cramps were also an issue and if those side effects could be eliminated this would then be the perfect GERD relief drug.
For the first couple of weeks I had withdrawls from prior medication.  But that is all I have experienced.
Treatment side effects include breast tenderness for about a month after first doseage, and some ovular soreness.
I had no side effects at all, but as i need to write 50 words it may also be worth noting that I had the positive effect of the painful Achilles tendon I had also disappeared after taking the tablets for 2 days
none, experienced no noticable side effects or discomfort, no more reflux or heartburn was very happy with the ddrug will keep oj using it
Side effects were peeling and some redness, but only occurred the time that i used too much Differin.  I knowingly put more than prescribed on my chin in hopes of getting rid of an outbreak before vacation.  The redness and peeling was very noticeable.
Occasional light-headedness.
Unfortunately It caused me to gain 20 lbs in less than 3 months...I have been on many different antidepressants and this one was the worst when it came to weight gain
This drug was extremely difficult to start. I had headaches and dizziness for weeks. Also caused digestive problems - bloating and flatulence. Had no energy - before I took this drug I was a very active person but once on it I had no energy to excercise. Also craved sugary and carbohydrate rich food which ended up giving me thrush and other fungal infections. Caused concentration problems. I stuggled to concentrate on my work for a full day. I also felt very flat.
There were no real side effects other than a dry mouth. I still suffered from some anxiety symtoms such as feeling a bit nervous restless, sometimes had trouble sleeping. If I drank alcohol at the same time in small amounts, I felt even better and seemed to have no bad feeling at all but that was short lived, and as I found out later on also dangerous. And Just don"t ever stop taking it suddenly. Thats also very dangerous.
I have gotten migranes since i was a teenager and since starting this pill i feel they are more likely.
Much to my dismay, the drug made me feel extremely nauseated. Though I did not actually throw up, I felt like it for a day. Furthermore, the pain in my neck and shoulder did not improve. Even if it had, I would have discontinued Vicodin anyway.
Due to my chronic gastritis, I had minor stomach aches but nothing too bad
depression, nausea, anxiety, heart racing, still in pain, still having painful breakthrough bleeding.
I did not notice any side effects.
Extreme sleepiness (25mg feels like I took a Tylenol PM). Slight inability to concentrate. Depression of mood, slight irritability. I have noticed some suggest this is also prescribed for anxiety, I haven't noticed any reduction in anxiety, I have noticed if I'm irritated the irritability seems to last a bit longer than normal. It has done nothing to increase my motivation or productivity.
Poor concentration, drowsiness, dizziness, memory problems. My physian tried to titrate dose to 2400mg per day. The side effects were intolerable to the point that I was having prolems at work. I currently take 600mg hs.
Initially, the medication kept me awake all night but that only happened for a night or two.  I take them on an empty stomach in the morning and sometimes my hands shake very slightly for a while but it's not enough to cause any problems.
after emergency of going cold turkey,on previous meds,new docter advised me to


use only,vicodin,attvan,gleevec,effecsor,aspiran.I now feel like i have lost my mind,after taking 50 mg of trazodone nightly.
None
The metronidazole 500 mg and the ciprofloxacin 500 mg wer prescribed one tablet of each twice a day for two weeks. However, after several days I began to have slight light headedness, tingling in my fingers, much short-term memory loss, and constant whistling in my ears. By the sixth day these side-effects had intensified to the point that my hands were shaking, I was dizzy, and the doctor told me to discontinue the meds.Eleven weeks have passed and I still have CONSTANT whistling in my ears, my short term memory has improved but has not totally returned, and my bowels still do not work without taking a stimulant. I am taking probotics (460 mg each,6 billion total microorganisms per capsule twice daily), eating such as Activia daily, etc to try to repace the healthy bacteria level in my intestines but as stated earlier this is not yet accomplished. I am very tired of hearing the constant whistling in my ears.
I began having very irregular heart rhythm within about 2 1/2 weeks of taking this medicine.  Feeling like I was going to pass out or maybe my heart would even stop beating.
None
Lupus-like symptoms that were very severe:


light sensitivity


extreme fatigue


severe joint point


iritis (inflammation of the iris of the eye)


knee, wrist and finger pain that continues 4 months after stopping the drug


iritis flared again 4 months after stopping the drug
Ihad to stop nursing; constipation (must take 2 stool softeners per day); it killed my sex drive; skipping more than two days causes serious headaches, after three days of missed meds you go into withdrawal...much like heroin withdrawal.  Never have I been so ill or wanted to die.
A bitter taste in mouth moticeable at night and especially in the morning. It went away as soon as I had something to drink. There was no bitter taste during the daytime. Also got a yeast infection on day 8. I still have to go through 5 days of medicine. I once took it on empty stomach and got acidity 1/2 hour later.
Extremely lethargic the entire next day, even if I took the meloxicam by itself
I did not have the much talked about "bad taste" in my mouth.  I did have a "hung over" feeling but not often, and the feeling went away within 5 minutes of waking.
some sunlight sensitivity (sunburn more easily) and reduced sperm count.
I have never noticed any side effects from taking the protonix.  I had read the list, but appear to be having no trouble. I have been taking the medication for over four years and am still taking the medication.  I only notice that when I think the reflux is under control and I stop taking it, my symptoms return with a vengence.
None
I ended up with severe anxiety and paranoia after taking this pill, something I had never had before taking it. After the initial 2 month honeymoon period, I felt like I was a zombie..I literally felt nothing at all, and if I was lucky enough to feel something, it would be anxiety. I'm STILL trying to reverse the effects of this drug, and I've been off it for over 3 years now. I would not recommend this to ANYONE, unless you're willing to ruin your personality & life for the sake of a two month good spell.
blurred vision for 90 seconds after administering; burning sensation
Occasional headache.  Mild occasional insomnia
Some redness and peeling around the outside of my eyes and upper lip. Caused sensitivity when using other products....night creme, serums and sunscreen. I have read that these side affects are normal and part of the skin adjusting to the retin a.....after all that is what it is supposed to do...create a chemical change in the cell which promotes cellular turnover resulting in newer, firmer skin.
I started to date a married man, that lead to me becoming obsessed. he was my boss. I clinged to him because I felt alone. I then quit my job and tried to overdose on these meds.. drank a bottle of alcohol and then took several pills and sleeping pills. ended up in emergeny and then just went right off them without supervision. to this day I take nothing and Im still very depressed. Im seeing a doctor again and trying to figure out what to do. I tried to go back on them and felt instantly high for two days taking the lowest dose there was. almost like my brain said NO WAY are u takin this again.. 





I don't recommend taking this unless u have a good doctor . the doc that gave me this medication was a walk in clinic who knew nothing about me.
Initially after surgery I was given Dilantin injections which were very painful. It felt like concentrated acid was being injected into my vains with a painful burning sensation that lasted several minutes after each injection. After 3 weeks I was changed to oral dilantin (100mg 3 times daily). So no more painful injections.
dry mouth, vivid weird dreams, headache, nausea,  


sleep problems (trouble sleeping, or vivid, unusual, or strange dreams), 


constipation, gas,vomiting.  Ive heard that it also causes depression, and some people have suffered with suicidal thoughts.  People sometimes became agitated, it increased their depression level.
acute nausea, mental fog, vivid dreams, poor sleep quality, sore eyes, constipation, uncontrollable flatulence, euphoria, turned to dark depression, Psychosis NOS, Major Depressive Disorder, Suicidal ideation, self detrimental behaviour, emotional lability, agression, rage, panic attacks, hallucination, Somatoform Disorder, Delusional Parasitosis, Cholinaergic Prurritus, Hyperacusis, Severe sleep depervation; excessive dreaming, inability to sleep deeply, feeling half awake while sleeping, waking up with sore eyes., Brain Fog, lowered inhibitions, hair roots hurting, excessive hair loss, Irritable Bowel Syndrome, puffy bags under eyes, excessive weight gain, gingivitis, prostate pain, inability to feel orgasm, decreased ability to maintain and achieve erections, anhedonia.
I had no side effects, however the infection did not clear up.  I took all pills exactly as prescribed; finished last dose on Saturday and symptoms were back on Monday.
Increased apetite and sore breasts
Very few.  I noticed right away that I had trouble sleeping from my high dosage.  My ddoctor then prescribed 40mg / day of Celexia to counteract the restlessness.
I didn't notice any side effects.
none to report
The combo of sleep meds leave me in a very grogged out state sometimes for hours if I'm not able to get 10-11 hours of sleep/wake time-rather staying/resting in bed between sleeping & waking. hGH has the side effect of water retention but being stuck in a chronic dehydrated state (fluid goes right through me as opposed to into cells)I suppose part of the reason for sagging, old dehydrated skin-been ill since age 36 and am describing a state beyond normal for age.
As above, the drug has similar side effects to Retin-A, exept for the fact that they are far less frequent and far less severe.  As above, this effect only occurred about every 7 days or so and was cured easily with hydrocortisone. However, the results were completely worth it, as it eliminated many wrinkles in my skin, and the texture it left behind was much more cosmetically appealing.
None. There was a change in productdelivery to a weekly prefilled syringe. The preservative causes a stinging sensation at the injection site.
Began with Requip pack and gradually increased dosage.  Immediately felt more lethargic and irritable.  On my third week at 3mg. I could not keep any food down in the mornings.  My doctor said the sleepiness and irritability was not related to Requip.  After 10 days of vomiting in the a.m  I stopped the medication.  Feel much better even though my doctor insists I need it.
No side effects were noticed.
mild peeling thats it but i was also putting on SPF30 non greasy suntan gel on my face three times a day. That is what the doctor recomended to decrease side effects from sun exposure. It worked!!
Dizziness, moodiness, anger and agitation
We have tried this medication twice now due to ENT recommendation and both times have seen major behavioral changes. Usually around the second day our son has become very aggressive and uncontrollable. After stopping within a day or two he returns to normal.
Sickness, Vommiting, Sleepiness
Sometimes will give a feeling of tightness in the chest and some drowsiness.  If taken too often can cause rebound headaches.
None so far that I am aware of.
Extremely dry skin. Almost reptile like as i started the cycle. Really dry eyes and lips, had a problem wearing contacts.
Drowsiness, if I take the high end of the prescribed dose, but in this case, that's the desired effect.
I suddenly developed a rash across my stomach and itched for at least one - two hours after each dose.
There is sometimes a burning and blurred vision. The sides effect were mild and last only minutes.
I did not experience any.
I had experienced many profound side effects; starting with visual disturbances, sleeplessnes, weight loss, memory loss, major loss of appetite, irratable skin rashes, extreme anxiety, dehydration loss of motabilty & a severely nervous breakdown after three weeks resulting hospitallisation. I believe the damage caused is irreversable & would somehow like to know if anyone has came across anything like this in comparison & made any recovery.
If this is the side effect.It would be, soon after taking the meds,There is a timed-released drowsy effect that occurs,within a matter of 15-20 minutes.This is the only so-called side effect that I've experienced.But,I guess,it is a matter of where you are and what's on your agenda during this side-effect.
Severe bleeding to the point that I was four days away from a hysterectomy.  I stopped the HRT to prepare for the surgery and the bleeding subsided and eventually stopped. The hysterectomy was cancelled.
There appeared to be no side effects.
None
Eventhough Elocon is effective in treating dermatitis, if used for extended periods it can cause "steroid induced rosacea" and that can become difficult to treat as it does not clear up on its own.
I developed terrible weakness and pain in bilateral knees. I went from being extremely active to being unable to walk up a flight of stairs. It felt as though my knees would crumble under me.By the second week, I could barely walk up more than 3 steps. My doctor took me off the medication immediately, but the effects lasted about 6 months.
Insomnia, headaches, nausea, increased heart rate
I have fairly sensitive skin and I only noticed the mild side effects that were listed.  Some flaking at first and a little bit of sensitivity but nothing major or worth stopping use of the product.
The negative side is controlling acne during the treatment period is little tough as new skin appears , so one has to keep his face clean by having lots of water and constantly washing the face with the face wash solution prescribed.
I was obviously highly allergic to this drug as one morning I woke up and my lips were extremely swollen. I had to go to the doctor to make sure I wasn't going into allegy shock.
The side effect I experienced was moderate enough for me to contact my physician to ask for it to be changed.  My doctor told me to increase the dosage of Niaspan ER to two thousand milligrams every night.  For the first few days, I felt hot during the night and sweaty.  It was very uncomfortable, even if I had the airconditioning on.  After several days, I started having muscle pains on both my legs.  I was losing sleep becasue I was so uncomfortable and could no longer tolerate taking the medicine.  My physician then gave me the option of trying a new medication, or sticking to Niaspan ER but at a reduced dose.  I chose to stay with the same drug but at a reduced dose.  I now taker 1500 milligrams daily and do not feel any side effects.  I still need to go back to my doctor to see how this change affected my Triglycerides.
severe heartburn all week even though I followed dosing instructions accurately. Joint aches, including hips, back, neck and jaw.
I experienced an awful metallic taste in my mouth. It was constant and disgusting. Also, I took it one day after eating a very small breakfast and I got dizzy and nauseus and shaky.
because of the antibiotic several days after  appeared a severe yeast infection
I had to stop purchasing the drug because the cost was $60, even with a PPO insurance plan. It took six months for my cycle to re-acclimate after beginning the hormones.
I had a bad headache, nausea, sudden feeling of cold sweats, insomnia, and stomach pain. I suggest that everyone that is going to take any depression medication, to seriously ask yourself if you even need it that bad because for me the side effects aren't worth taking the medication.
In the first 2-3 month very dry mouth and heavy perspiration. These side effects disappeared after about 3 month.
Initial redness is common with this medication. However, this only lasts for 6 to 8 weeks.
The main side effects I had while using Retin-A were drier,flaky skin.
The package insert warns of serious side effects such as breast cancer, cancer of the uterus, stroke, heart attack, blood clots and dementia. I had been one determined to go through menopause without the use of any hormones. However, after trying every over the counter, holistic, and wives tale cure for 5 years with no success, I wanted RELIEF. After consulting every possible option, weighing the side effects of each one carefully, the CombiPatch was the one settled upon.  


    I am pleased to say I haven't had one side effect of the drug beyond a sticky spot left by the patch's adhesive. Granted, it has only been 6 months since beginning treatment but the benefits and quality of daily life restored have far outweighed the risks.
dry mouth


constipation
Dry mouth and sometimes restless legs.
Makes you tired at first and can make your body feel weird at first but that in my opinion is your body finally being able to relax.
Some stomach discomfort and mild queasiness but I found taking 1/2 tablets at a time with ample fluids usually alleviated problems.
Provided annual blood tests are administered to check thyroid levels, there are no side effects and ensures healthy operation of endocrine system.
at the start my skin was very red. after a long period of using differin my skin started to become more oily again,but not as oily as before i started using it. also got small patches of peeling skin especially around the nose
I had very mild nausea about 30 minutes after taking it in the morning that went away after a couple weeks.
I felt fatigued but this could be just a symptom of the condition.
I've read the side effects, but honestly, I can't say that I've experienced more than a couple of mild headaches and feeling that slight "elated" feeling. I already experience night sweats & some insomnia due to menopause, so I can't tell a difference in those categories.
None occurred while I took the medication for 2 mornings. However, it is known that prednisolone may cause osteoporosis, pigmentation, etc in the long run.
The only side effects that I am aware of are the positive ones - keeping my skin from being overly dry, lack of menopausal symptoms (mostly). This patch has been a godsend for me, but I had my uterus removed in my 30s due to excessive bleeding, so I am not at risk for uterine cancer. There is no history of breast cancer in my immediate family (grandmothers/mother/sister)
While taking this med, along with the others listed, I couldn't think inside of my own head. During the time I took this medication, I had no emotional reations to anything, even things that I should have. I felt like a zombie the whole time. I've been off the medication for a few years now, but from that period of time, I only have 2 memories.
Dryness, slight redness and a small amount of peeling.
I found that some of the side effects were very severe.  I would have compulsive sexual desires that I had never had before and wanted sex with my husband all the time.  I had great difficulty sleeping so I would take melatonin to go to sleep every night.  I would talk very fast as well as move fast.  I would have hand tremers.  I also had very dry mouth and diarrhea.
cleared my skin but I lost all desire for sex.
It made me feel like I couldn't sit still even though I was very weak from constant vomiting. I felt like I had bugs crawling all over my legs. I also had to keep moving my legs.
None I can't live with!!!!!!!!! SLIGHT quizy stomach (and I have always taken it with food).
'Peach fuzz' vellus hair growth on my forehead and cheekbones. Dizziness when started using at first. Increased heart rate when first started using. Possible skin damage - minoxidil breaks down collagen.
Extensive dryness on the lips and skin.
I experienced some mild loss of appetite early on, which graduly disappaited.
Tingling and burning sensations, insomnia, constantly hot, dizzy, feeling faint, feeling emotional, needing to pee often, racing heart - these occurred at different intensities and at different times. They sound bad, but they are much easier to cope with than my condition before I took the tablets.
none really but i have increased pms symptoms around 2 weeks beforre my period etc.. certain food cravings, fatigue, muscle weakness. also lost weight from this pill as it suppresses my appetite
I haven't noticed any side effects.
There were no side effects that she ever had.
I have not noticed any side effects thus far.  I've been on the Synthroid for only 4 weeks, so it may not yet be at its full effectiveness.  I've also just found out I should take it on an empty stomach and then wait an 30 min. to and hour prior to eating for it to be 100% effective.
I do not experience any side effects while on the depot, but if I do not take it on time, I have some mild side effects untill I recieve my injection.  I took the generic form for 6 months but noticed some undesireable changes to my mood (more anxious and irritable).  Despite the more favorable price I will never take the generic again.
I DID NOT HAVE ANY NOTICEABLE SIDE EFFECTS
My side effects were severe depression, and alteration in personality.  Do not take this drug, the side effects can be severe.  I had no previous issues with depression, and as soon as I started taking this drug, I developed severe depression, and changes in my personality.  Thankfully, my family noticed a change, and advised me and told me to stop taking Zyban.  It took 2 years to overcome the depression and over 3 years to begin to feel like myself again.  Stay away from this drug!  If you want to quit smoking, butt out and stick to your guns.  I quit, and it wan't the Zyban.  I have been smoke free for 10 years, and depression free for 7 or 8.  Someone should consider a class-action suit against the company which produces this drug.  Based on other reviews I have seen, I am not the only one who had these side effects.
mild gi upset when first started the drug with some diarrhea, but these side effects dissipated after approximately two months of use.
Mild and only occasional constipation. Sometimes felt a little foggy in the head.
Getting the proper dose was tricky.  If dose was too high, my pulse rate skyrocketed.  If the doctor reduced my dose too quickly my hair would start to thin.
dry mouth. sometimes slight headaches, but not completely sure if its just from medicatation or being tired as i do have a very busy schedule,
My joints appeared to lock. I had difficulty ambulating and moving my arms for a few days. It was severe. I could not rise from a chair.
Dry mouth, nervousness, dizziness.  Also negative as it was given as a long term pain management solution, it reduced my pain but still needed to be used along-side pain-killers.  If stopping and has been taken for a long time slowly ween off (unlike myself) as caused me to have sweats, aches and pains and lethargy (flu-like symptoms) for a number of days.
Provigil works well for an approximate 3 hr. period, but wears off shortly after that. I do experience slight rapid heartbeat initially and feel jittery for a short time but it goes away quickly. I currently take 100 mg. and if needed, another 100 mg. in the afternoon.  I don't take this any time after 2 pm as I'll be up all night.  I do need to take a prescribed sleeping pill in order to get to sleep since I've been on Provigil.
vomiting, stomach cramps, headache, dizziness, anxiety, nosebleeds, overall feeling of uneasiness/panic
Side effects included mild hair loss (had much more hair loss on acyclovir), random dry heaving (retching) for no apparent reason, and headaches.  Although it seems that when I drink lots of water the headaches are fewer.
Over the course of three nights, within an hour or two of first taking it, I had heart palpitations, confusion, inability to concentrate, problems balancing, extreme tiredness, lasting muscle weakness, nightmares and sleeplessness, anxiety, rash, a sureness I was dying and not even caring! I have never had a reaction to any drugs, and I am furious that a drug like this would even be on the market.
See below
I tried two other medications prior to using Wellbutrin and was quite pleased!  I had mild dry mouth for about a month and actually lost the weight i gained from prior meds and a bit more.  I still have shaking hands but it is not any worse than a cup of coffee.  I have found that my tolerance to alcohol has increased, and lately my lower back has been hurting in the area of my kidneys, but i also have lower back spasms so i could be projecting worry that the combination of Wellbutrin and wine are doing major damage to my liver and kidneys!
loss of balance & memory loss, memory is improving little by little. loss of balance still, but maybe change with therapy. difficulty speaking (living in france 18 yrs.) speak as much in french as english. dry mouth nervousness, anxiety heartburn and am considered bi-polar but i think that is being exaggerated by the medical profession,
no side effects that i can remember.
Tried to stop taking 1 mg of Ativan per day after 10 days and had horrible withdrawal symptoms including blurred vision, shakiness, weakness, heightened sense of smell, nausea. Sick as a dog. Had to go to a rehab specialist to get weaned off.
side effects were diahrrea, stomach pain and nausea
none
dry peeling skin, redness. once you stopped using it the blotchiness returned and brown spots returned. I needed to wear alot of sunscreen on my hand after using it on that area because it rendered those areas vulnerable to sun exposure. also while driving I had to wear gloves which blocked sun rays to my hands.
I did not have any treatment side effects.
Bad trouble sleeping. WIll fall asleep after a little trouble, but cannot stay asleep, wake up several times a night unable to get good rest. Have to take sleep aide with this drug or wont sleep at all! Also have bad to mild headache for first week or so, goes away after a while.  Mood swings are absolutely noticable, ups and downs. I NEVER noticed where my appetite was decreased at all, actually makes my stomache growl about 1/2 hour after taking it, nor did I have any extra energy ever, although somehow I DID lose weight on this pill.
I had painfully dry, irritated, and red skin for several months, as well as higher susceptibility to sunburn and visibly peeling, flaky skin... those first few months were the worst period of treatment. After a while, however, all the symptoms except for the peeling skin and sun sensitivity diminished.
The first few days (maybe three)of taking the drug I was a bit headachy and then experienced some mild stomach upset. After that, I was fine with no further issues.


A positive side effect was that after the treatment was over I noticed that the skin on my legs was very smooth. Previously I had rough, scaly skin which I just thought was dry skin, though I could never rid myself of it. But I guess it was part of the whole problem because now the skin is beautiful.
a bit of feeling dull or neutral.
Thinning of skin leaves more sun sensitivity. Also, it cleared my acne, but didn't seem to "treat" it - if I stop using it, my acne comes back within a few weeks.
Lots of side effects, none of them deal breakers. It took months to achieve orgasm - it was like having a dead weight between my legs. Having reduced treatment to 10mgs a few years ago that has improved. As many others report, wild dreams and less deep sleep is now the norm but I have long grown accustomed to it. Miss a dose and you get those weird 'electric' buzz shocls in your brain - a tad alarming but not horrible. Weight increase of about 10 pounds - very difficult to get rid of.
none
Headaches..cramping..nausea...dizzines
Occasional mild gastrointestinal irritation when using a high dose (4000 mg)
No side effects were experienced.
But I'm loosing a lot of hair, there's mild  pain in my lungs and legs on a regular basis and  mouth infections.
Nausea, bad dreams, very prone to sunburn. For the antibiotic to be effective I need to take a relatively large dose for my size (50kgs). Have to take anti-nausea medication while on the course of antibiotic otherwise tend to lose weight.
No pain but very loopy.. Drug made patient incoherent and confused; bad memory and constipation patient had crazy ideas.
The first week that I took this pill, I felt like I had the flu.  I had to take a sick day off from work because I felt so sick: headache, constantly feeling hot and cold, extreme tiredness.  I also started breaking out a lot and my skin started to be so dry.  My husband also has said that I've had some mood swings as well.
see above
Dry mouth (I was also taking Prozac at the time which definitely contributed), mild transient tingling in the hands and feet (pins and needles), I've read a lot of posts in forums online from people suffering memory problems with Topamax (i.e. dopamax), they forget words easily, have trouble spelling, feel foggy, etc... I guess I'm one of the few fortunate people whom Topamax doesn't effect that way. Either that, or the dose I'm at (200 mg) is well below my tolerance threshold. Many of the people in these forums were being treated for epilepsy and debilitating migraines and taking doses up to 1200mg.
none
I did not had much side effects, had some dry mouth at times but was manageable.
nervous system overhaul, dry mouth, stiff neck
I had no side effects. I feel so much better. But I will say that I still am getting sinus headaches. I dont think those will ever go away though.
none
upset stomach, low appetite, metallic taste, tremor
None.
Left me extremely sleepy the next day to the point I had to lay down an hour after I got up and I noticed no real difference in the hot flashes.
none
Bad taste in mouth but the sleep was worth it.
slight dry mouth initially, but this subsided with use (3 - 4 weeks)
Although it says it doesn't affect weight I did experience weight gain. It also makes me a little drowsy.
luckily I did not notice any negative side effects. The positive effects that I noticed out weighed the negative ones. The side effects that i noticed were very slight peeling of the skin and a very very slight burning sensation. The burning sensation however, completely went away with continued use of the medicine. I believe this is so because my skin became more and more tolerant the more I used it.
Fatigue (severe during the first week of the month), nausea, mild depression
passing out; falling asleep


drowsiness,


weight gain


when i first started i had alot of nausea, but after a few months it was better.
I did not have any side effects except that if I got less than 4 1/2 hours of sleep after waking to take the second dose - I would stillfeel the effects -- as if drugged a bit.
Initially began with 25 mg and increased in 25 mg increments until reaching 175 mg daily. Difficulty in concentration, moodiness became the norm, stress. Loss of weight which most likely caused the diagnosed potassium deficiency, which resulted in an irregular heat beat, resulting in stress symptoms, which resulted in stress test. Very difficult first six months.
Very minimal side effects. Only noticable thing is that you can feel the pill wear off near bed time and that can cause a sudden spike in appetite.
Confusion, memory loss,blurred vision,extreamly hot,chills,dizzy,shaking,out of body experience.
The side effects included nightmares, muscle weakness, dizziness. 


In addition there were emotional disturbances.
Yeast infection, hives, and overall skin sensitivity from clothing and certain foods, still unknown, trigger hives...simple things like wine, goldfish, lactaid milk, pancakes, eggs, bread, nuts, strawberries.
MILD JITTERS WHEN FIRST TAKING. IF SKIPPED WOULD CAUSE EXTREME HEAVINESS AND TIREDNESS
I have had no side effects from Prilosec.
Eating too much - no sense of when to stop. Slight antihistamine feel.
Sexual side effects - loss of desire  also increased my restless leg syndrome.
flu like feelings, very tired, blurred vision,then started getting really dry skin all over my face, then started getting burns all down both arms. The dermatologist did a biopsy and the results weere I have Subacute Lupis Erythematosus whish is directly related to taking this drug aldaa. My lymph nodes were swollen. It was horrible and now I am left with this lifetime crap to deal with, can't go in the sun breakout of burns are always a threat. Am sooo sorry I ever took this drug.
None
Periods about every 14 days. After 12 months of use, DCIS detected in my right breast. No history of breast cancer in the family at all, and I was in good health otherwise. Malignant tumour of the breast was one of the side effects I located on the internet.
The side effects after the surgery were swelling and pain and possibly infection at the incision sites. About 10 hours post surgery, the pain became unbearable, and I decided to take one dose of acetaminophen w/codeine #3.  When I got up a couple of hours later to go and use the bathroom, I passed out in the bathroom. Lucky for me, my husband was nearby.
bone aches
I did not experience any side effects from taking this medication.  I did have an occasional problem with some abdominal pain but it was not significant and went away on its own.
mood changes, weight gain (4 pounds in 3 days!) extremely emotional. depression
Extreme pain in calf that soon extended to entire leg. Muscles were rigid. I still suffer leg pain after more than a year off the four doses of Zocor. Just visited Disneyword and did not realize till then how badly my legs hurt - day and night.
It's hard to say what the side effects might be.  I sometimes have trouble thinking or speaking my thoughts concisely, moodiness, somewhat depressed, shortness of breath at times, dizziness, occasional vision problems, some numbness or odd sensations in legs or arms etc.  However, I can't say for sure if any of these side effects/symptoms are from taking Neurontin, the lidoderm patch or for some other reason (stresses...).
Yeast infection by day 7 despite eating yogurt and taking Acidophilus along with Doryx as suggested when I was prescribed the medication. The side effects definitely outweigh the benefits in this case.
I experienced no side effects, other then the expected outcome, which was releif of the muscle spasam.
Full body hives appearing 8 days after treatment began.
pounding headache, nausea,  dizziness while walking and arising from bed/chair, spots in eye, uncontrollable eye tearing. The latter two are still present after6 weeks on not taking meds.
I did find that if I took it in the late afternoon, I really   couldn't sleep at night, mymind raed and I felt unsettled.   It reduced my appetite a bit, ad I would work without eating, or drinking.  Had to remind myself to eat.
If you take a look at the side effects the FDA requires Provigil manufacturer Cephalon to list, you will find the usual stomach aches, headaches etc.. Such side effects are so common that virtually every new prescription medication ends up listing them, which is why most of us don't bother reading the side effect profile for meds. However, failing to look at the side effects for Provigil could end up costing you your life. Provigil of course does list the usual side effects, yes, but ther is one side effect listed that is rarely included as a medication side effect.  Further, even if you should happen to actually read the list of Provigil's side you are not likely to know what it means. The side effect is called "vasodilatation", and the manufacturer reported to the FDA that it occurred to 1 out of every 50 test subjects while it happened to 0 out of every 50 who took the placebo. What is "vasodilatation"?  Vasodilatation, nearly always referred to as the more recognizable "vasodilation", refers to the general relaxation of blood vessels, a phenomenon that usually ends up causing a small drop in blood pressure but sometimes causes a significant blood pressure drop, when it is then called hypotension.  And, if you'll read on, you'll see why for me, and potentially for 1 out of every 50 users of Provigil, it very nearly killed me.  





After 7 weeks on Provigil, with the last week having been increased from 200mg to 300mg per day, I awoke one morning in a highly delusional state, speaking of non-existent farm animals wandering around the kitchen table where my wife and I were seated. After apparently collapsing in my bedroom, I was taken to ER, which quickly determined that I was critically hypotensive (low blood pressure of 72/35). I quickly lapsed into cardiogenic shock, a condition where the heart all but stops pumping blood and one of the deadliest of all medical crises. Even among those who are still alive upon arrival at an ER,  70% to 80% die within hours or a few days. Those who survive likely do so, as I did, with kidneys in acute failure and brain damage similar to what is sustained by near-drowning victims who have been resuscitated by a lengthy CPR session.
At first I was terrible groggy, but I adjusted.
It initially made me feel tired and lethargic. I believe it contributed to  a short bout of stomach upset and heavy bowel movements however this problem subsided fairly quickly. I think it also contributes to my eyes feeling dryer than usual. Since I am post menopausal dry eyes is a huge problem.
After the 5th day, I still slept well but my anxiety returned.  My balance has been off, I am extremely tired all day, there is a bad taste in my mouth which alters the taste of food. My mouth is so dry that I drink non-stop and cough a lot. What made me decide to quit this drug before the month trial is the fact that I have this really bad memory loss.  I forget where I live, my dog's name, my employees' names.  I would look at a steak and not remember what it was called.  I would stare blankly.  My job is detail oriented and I could not concentrate.
None
After taking this synthroid medication for a period of about 10 years, here is what happened.  We were on vacation in another state and all of a sudden I began to feel extremely horrible-- very weak, with a rapid heart beat.  We were getting ready to get on an airplane and come home.  So I thought if I can just get to my home town and get to a hospital, they can surely figure out what is wrong with me.  We arrived at our home airport and then we went straight to the emergency room, where they ran several tests and I was there for several hours, but they could find nothing wrong with me.  So they told me to go to my regular doctor the next day, which I did of course and he ran a blood test and found that it was the thyroid medication that was causing my problems.
I had no side effects that I noticed.
luckily I did not notice any negative side effects. The positive effects that I noticed out weighed the negative ones. The side effects that i noticed were very slight peeling of the skin and a very very slight burning sensation. The burning sensation however, completely went away with continued use of the medicine. I believe this is so because my skin became more and more tolerant the more I used it.
Severe depression and thoughts of death.
I don't have any side effects from taking it.
I had mild diarrhea, though I'm not sure if it was due to the drug.
BALDNESS, SENSITIVITY TO SUNLIGHT, NIGHT VISION BLURRINESS
I had extreme weight gain, fluctuating emotions.  I felt I was going insane so I stopped taking the drug.
There were no side effects. I have tolerated the drug very well.
I'm kinda glad to see I wasn't the only one who experienced this.  I honestly felt I was going to end up in the hospital.  Sweats, heavy nausea, dizziness, my whole body felt numb and shaking, extreme cramping.  The next day, I felt I didn't have any muscles!!  Weak and felt drunk! Aweful experience!
see above
starting up effects dizziness,nausea, but would subside when medication started getting into my system.


Would also feel tired while taking it and would sometimes make you feel unwell but I only found this on the 30mg.
headaches after 4 years, no control over breathing, the drug created inner emotions and feeling that weren't present before starting taking the medication, the bi-treatment of lithium and risperidone also created feeling of excessive sleepiness, created a weight gain of more than my normal size, colors of objects turn more bland and life seems more pointless when taking risperidone during the day. Taking the medication at bedtime turned out to be better. Smoke 2 packs a day after taking the medication at night and waking up the next day. Less able to control emotions.
Felt a little spacey and calm for first few days. Sleep was disrupted for about two weeks - waking hourly. Excess energy and restlessness for the first week.
But after I had caught up on my sleep, I felt very grogged out, even in the daytime. This was not acceptable, and I soon stopped the med.
groggy in the morning, slight weight gain, dry mouth
While taking the prednisone I had an increase in blood pressure.  I also was very perspired while the dose was higher and felt extremely edgy and agitated.
Depletion of potassium, and heat and cold sensitivity (inability for body to regulate temp)
Synthroid OK, no side effects, the other one(made from pig hormone), my OBGYN advised not to take, said was "gross" and recommended Levothyroxine; been on ever since.
none.  I had hoped to have the side effect of weight loss but didn't.  I didn't notice a reduction in libido as my husband did when he took Paxil.
Nausea, dizziness, increased anxiety, and extreme irritibility.
There are no negative side effects that I know of.
I had an allergic reaction when used with benzoyl peroxide. My pores became enlarged, and were plugged with blackheads. My research found that when used with benzoyl peroxide, staining and pore enlargement might be a side effect, which I did suffer.
Moodiness and weight loss
metallic taste in mouth.
none
No side effects at all. No headache, gastro-intestinal disturbances or other.
Very high blood pressure
I notice that if I drink caffeinated beverages I get way too jittery, whereas I used to use coffee and diet caffeinated drinks to keep my energy level up and they wouldn't bother me by making me too hyper.  So I have to stay away from those.  Also, if I take a dose too late in the day, I stay up too late!
there were no bad side effects at all with this medication I have been thoroughly pleased with it, i did notice being a bit more thirsty but not really bad enough to speak of or lis as a side effect
I feel more hungry than usual, but I try not to overeat.  Slight weight gain.
At first, sleeping was intermittent and was full of bizarre dreams. This quickly passed.
The side effects have been very mild. At some points he seems more argumentative and high strung, but not most of the time.  Generally this medication has been well tolerated.  We do not administer the medication on the weekends or when he is not at school (during school breaks or during the summer).
Sometimes I would feel a slight tension in my head the next morning, but this was better than total exhaustion from sleeplessness.  More recently I find that on the rare occasions that I use Serax, I wake up with a headache if I take a full capsule.  I find using a half a capsule seems to work fine without giving me a headache.
i ended up in the er, i actually felt like i was dying, tremors to the point i could not walk, tingling in hands and feet, feeling of empending doom, qrs changes on ekg, pvc's on ekg,palpatations in chest. increased heart rate and blood pressure. i will never take this classification of drug again. i had pneumonia in the past and was on levaquin for weeks and had no reaction.


i hope i never feel this way again.
The side effects of taking Zomig for me are inability to wake (if taken before sleeping) and extreme drowsiness/fogginess if taken while remaining awake.
The side effects are: dry mouth, possible headache,
I'm still sorting out the side effects. I keep having waves of anxiety and depression interspersed with days of feeling great. I have noticed I'm more quick to anger, which isn't really all that bad. Makes me realize I'm FEELING things fully. I have had some difficulty sleeping and loss of appetite, sometimes good, sometimes a little alarming.
My side effects were mild itching. It drove me crazy, I had to switch to a differnt pain medication.
none at this time.
I wanted to scratch my skin off, I went crazy.  They stopped the med. right away and gave me vicodin.
Upset stomach was common if I forgot to take it with food.
I felt sleepy. I put about 3kg weight. After 2 months side effects ease and then disappeared.
Annoyance of having to call doctor for refills and go to pharmacy for 18 years
I began having stomach troubles with this drug. I now take Prilosec and Pepcid to counter this. Worth it? Sometimes. Like other reviews here, I found that the positive effects did wear off by the end of the day and dosing again is not smart if you want to get any sleep at all. In addition, I notice increased heart rate at times and seems to exacerbate the frequency and strength of my PVCs.
mild itching and irritation at the beginning,later disappeared
none
Loss of weight, considerably, feeling sick.  They made me stop sleeping so much, but and hour after taken dem id feel so tired.  I normaly have a high very very high libido, but since being on dem it has dropped considerably, and having an orgasm is hard and not as good.  I've found im very short tempered, and anxiety levels can get quite high at times.
Mild drowsiness, which is ok if you are somewhere stationary. However, my first attack happened on a busy freeway in rush hour traffic. That is not a great time to be drowsy. But thankfully I only need 1/2 of the pill and so far I haven't had any more attacks while driving.
Bruising and swelling. Not sure if it was the way the injections were delivered or because of my tendency to bruise.
SEVERE mouth ulcers all over the inside of my mouth and down my throat.  Unable to eat or even drink for about one month.  Became extremely dehydrated and went into acute renal failure.
I always experiencing oily bowel movement. I starved too much.
I apparently didn't have any side effects, at least not any listed on the drug information. However, after a period of a couple months, I became completely turned off by sex. After a longer period, I got freaked out by the idea, not good for a married woman. Still I didn't associate it with Zoloft. I spoke with a friend who had taken Zoloft as well, and she stated that she was 'running' from her husband regarding sex and changed meds. I also requested a change to another anti-depressant and no longer have a libido problem.
He's one year old, and his mood changed drastically.  He became agressive and mean.  Clenching his fists, growling, hitting his sister and pulling her hair and being totally uncooperative were our everyday behaviors.  He is normally a laid back, sweet child.  The pediatrition disagrees and says it wasn't the medicine, but I know it was.
The triazolam seemed to stay in my system for days. I experienced a moderate degree of memory loss. There were also a couple instances of loss of cognitive reasoning, which was most frightening.
It takes a few weeks for your brain to become right. I would have a flash of vertigo now and then, but that's it. Nothing else.My body is obviously not able to make the amount of seritonin required. It is genetic.
When you receive this medication it comes with a patient information pamphlet giving each side effect for the drug and i experienced every side effect there was. At first I experienced heat flushes, then slight muscle spasms, 45 minutes into this drug's effect I experienced a tightness in my neck. This scared me because i thought i was having an intense allergic reaction to the drug. Then, there was a lot of pressure in my head so i then took an Aleve and that pretty much eased everything out. I will never take this medication again.
I experienced mild constipation in the beginning but because I eat a vegetarian diet I have been able to manage this side effect easily by increasing dietary fiber.  No other measures have been necessary.
As long as treatment was taken consistently, side effects were minimal. This medication does not seem to mix well with alcohol - memory loss and increased intoxication were experienced when alcohol was consumed. If a dosage was missed, side effects included unpleasant sensory experiences (like electrical sparks, "zapping"), dizziness, and disorientation. A strong cautionary statement: withdrawal from this medication may be extremely unpleasant. The overall experience I had with this drug was diminished only by the harsh symptoms associated with discontinuing the drug. The effects included heightened irritability, and strong sensory effects described previously. The drug dosage should be tapered; I quit taking the drug "cold turkey" and in retrospect it was a poor choice. I estimate that it took a couple months to stop experiencing the withdrawal symptoms.
There were no side effects that I am aware of. My husband has now also begun treatment after trying diet only.
some dryness, peeling, irritation
I noticed thinning of my hair. This is the only reason I stopped taking the drug, because my hair is naturally very fine iin texture and the thinning was more noticable than if my hair was of a thicker texture.
none
Robotic demeanour
One incident of an oily stool.
i used the drug for acne. after 2 weeks of use i noticed fewer pimples with lessening severity. after 1 month all pimples were gone. i did not notice any side effects.
excessive dry skin. would feel the heart racing sometimes. noticed skin got worse in the beginning but then it got better
constantly tired, napped everyday, gain 30 lbs.
There are many side effects that I experienced at different times.The worst side effect was that I would go into a rage and yell at my partner for the littlest things.Even though I was aware how bad I was,the anger inside of me took over and there wasn't any control.The morning dose always made me tired for the rest of the day, so I only took half a tablet to be able to function during the day.It is also a depressant which did not help me and is so ADDICTIVE that you actually fret about getting your next prescription.
none noted
Grooginess in the morning. Low libido. Water retention with edema. I didn't realize it was the medication that caused the edena until I quit taking it. When I started back on the medication I immediately swelled with edema.





Initially, it was working well, then I developed weight gain and terrible edema in my ankles and legs. Sometimes it didn't make me sleepy and I doubled my dose. It literally made me green with nausea, but I was able to sleep.
skin peeling and dry and chapped lips
THE IDEA WAS TO HELP WITH ANXIETY AS AN AID TO LOWER MY BLOOD PRESSURE.  HOWEVER, NEITHER MY BLOOD PRESSURE, WITH ANOTHER MEDICATION, OR THE LEVEL OF ANXIETY WAS REDUCED.  THE LORAZEPAM WAS STOPPED AFTER A WEEK WHEN I COMPLAINED OF INEFFECTIVENESS. I DID NOT EXPERIENCE ANY SIDE EFFECTS WITH THIS MEDICATION.
i was feeling a bit tired and drowsy.
I have not noticed any side effects. I have noticed that if I am inconsistent with taking the medication regularly I will feel anxious or moody. If I drink alcohol the medication does not seem to counteract the anxiety.
Side effects were chronic constipation, for which I was prescribed Lactulose, headaches which would last for days, disturbed sleep patterns, vivid dreaming. The inability to concentrate for even moderate periods of time, dry mouth and sluggishness.
i did have some flushing at first...however that did not last very long, nor were the symptons too bad.  other than that i have had no side effects
constipation, sleep disturbance.  The constipation has been severe, requiring stimulant laxatives about twice a week.  I also believe that I have had an increase in appetite.  At times I wonder if my memory is as sharp.  Overall, I have had minimal side effects.
Side effected included sleepiness, and unaccountably nausea while sailing. Prior to taking this drug I had never had problems with "seasickness" while sailing. I found I had to stay topside during sailing times.  Other than that, the tiredness was a factor which became less noticeable with time.  The seasickness would not be a problem for the majority of people, I am sure
Some sexual side effects, but can't be sure if it is the finasteride. At any rate, 1/4 of a 100mg Viagra seems to make sure that side effect is overcome.
I feel sleepy but I would rather feel this way than to edure the pain of a migraine.
After 12 hours from the first dose, I experienced dizziness even lying down, then nausea. I threw up periodically for the subsequent 12 hours, until it was completely out of my system.
At first my skin was very sensitive, dry and flaky.  After approximately 4-6 weeks all the side effects disappeared, my face cleared and has stayed that way.  It has however made my skin extremely sensitive to the sun.
i'm 71yr i have break through vagina bleeding  with clots and i think it is from the diovan i am taking.  because about an hour after taken  it gets real heavy.  it's getting worse.  i've got to do something.  please advise.  thanks
dizziness, sleepiness, nausea, funny sensations and sounds in head ears and eyes, difficulty waking up and staying awake.  It took many months to get adjusted to the medicine.  If i miss any paxil doses, especially 2 in a row, I get the same symptoms
loose stool, diarrhea, weak stomach.
Unfortunately the last month, I feel very nervous. Now, it hurts me to focus on anything visually. I can't describe it but it's like the nerves in my brain. I hear this sound in my head like a car idle with an ocean wave. If I breath very deep less than a minute it goes away. Since they destroyed my lungs in that biopsy; I don't know if it is nerves or oxygen causing that. I know the vision and nervousness is nerves most definitely. I think I may be developing side effects from Lamictal.
There were no detectable side effects.
I experienced no side effects at all
I'm not sure if the drugs did this, but I have severe tinnitus now, and it's driving me crazy!
none
Tinnitis (very load and annoying), leg and back pain, headaches, no coughing however
burning and itching worse than the eczema - I'd have to race to the shower and wash off remaining product - it was terrible
At first, the nasal spray was a little irritating to the nose, and he would sneeze after the administration. He just didn't like the spray into his nose. He stuck with it and after about 5 days, it didn't bother him anymore. other than that, we have not noticed any negative side effects of the medication.
Swelling of the face, tingling, itchy eyes, and tighness of chest/difficulty breathing.
none
none
Decreased appitite.  If I don't remind myself to eat I don't get hungry at all.  The couple of times I forgot to eat, I never felt any feeling of hunger.  I just felt spacey and tired and couldn't figure out why.  Then I realized that it was 3:00 and forgot to eat or drink all day.  I have to set an alarm to remind myself that it's time to eat.
An odd taste in the back of the throat was the only real side effect that I encountered
made it worse before better, left me with scarring, dry mouth and hair loss
some coughing
no side effects
I developed an anorexia, I stopped eating and lost so much weight. I'm about 5ft. 6 now and weigh about 130 LBS. which is really skinny for my age and height. If I wouldn't have stopped I would be skin and bones. I got to a point where I lost color and I'm now way too skinny. Another side effect that I developed is insomnia. I have a VERY hard time sleeping. I can't fall asleep until about 1:00 and that's every night. It's horrible. Another side effect that's very serious, is development of depression. I had to go on anti-depressants because of the drug about 3 months after using adderall. It depresses you so much. After school I'd get home and be so depressed. I'd cry and just feel so misserable. I was seriously depressed. A fact that everyone should understand about adderall is that it's in a way a wattered down version of meth. The side effects are the same but not as severe. But it's still bad. It will mess up your teeth by giving you a VERY dry mouth, your weight and most of all your brain chemistry. I went from ADD to depression to now ADHD. I'm going back on stimulant drugs like adderall when school starts. I don't know how it'll work out because I now have a tolerance to it. And I'm getting new treatment. I don't know what'll happen or anything. But I just wantto get through school. Anyone that will be perscribbed to this should research on it and get the facts. Research for a long time. Not just one article reading. Get as much info as possible. The side effects are so severe that you should really know what you're exposing yourself to. They're all horrible. Especially the addiction that you get to it. I'm addicted to it and can't stop craving it. I feel like I need it so bad. It's been months and still I want it extremely bad. Be careful what choice you make. It gets the job done. Hut will screw up your life. This is just my experience. It may be different for you but still do your research.
Loss of sex drive; Increasing agitation; Heart palpitations making heart murmur much more apparent; Worsening nightmares and night sweats.
caused severe abdominal cramps and bouts of diarrhoea and constipation
dryness
frequent urination, always thristy, dizziness.
I experienced constipation that became worse the longer I took the pain med.
flaking, sensitivity to acid products
I got pneumonia after the first treatment and it took 3 months for it to go away.  My breathing hasn't been the same since, I've to see a pulmonary specialist every couple months to manage the constant asthma that I now have.  I have also gained approx 25 while taking the medicine, although it's not supposed to be a side-effect.  This is what bothers me most, extra weight puts more strain in my joints.  I also have frequest yeast infections.  I have almost constant sinus congestion.
when the mid-wife prescribed me zofran i was having problems with nausea. I couldnt eat, sleep,or drink anything. so she prescribed me zofran when i was 4months and the first week i took zofran i started bleeding and having brown discharge, so i immediately went to go see her and all she told me was that it was normal that my uterus was stretching. so the 2nd week i took it the same things happened worse. this time i was in so much pain that i couldn't walk or anything. so again i went back to see her and she told me that everything was normal it was just my uterus stretching. the 3rd week i had an appointment for an exam. that day i went i told her that i was having more bleeding, more brown discharge, and lots of pain. she did the swab test and again said everything is fine all these things that were happening to me was suppose to happen because my uterus was stretching. then she said " if anything happens go to the emergency room ". the next day at 5am i was calling 911 because i had a miscarriage. zofran caused me to have a miscarriage. that was my first baby. it hurts so much that i had a mid-wife that was so inconsiderate of what i was telling her and all the complications i was having. she disregarded everything and because of that i lost my first baby.
Some drowsiness at night after taken it throughout the day and some constipation. However after taking it for only two weeks I had a seizure that sent me to hospital and was told by doc there that elavil and tramadol combined can cause seizures! NO ONE told me this. Not my primary care doc, my GI doc or the pharmacist. This seems to me to be a pretty severe "side effect" for a medicine that barely works! The two meds were prescribed to me by the same physician and I understand oversights can happen. However if I had known from beginning that seizures might be a possibility I would asked for something else. Also after only two weeks I had some weird effects after stopping usage including diarrhea, cold sweats, hot flashes, restless leg syndrome and anxiety. I never experienced anything like this with any other meds. This medicine is NOT worth it!
had frequent muscle cramps, not just on legs, but on back, neck, even abdomen.


cramps are quite uncomfortable.


suffered slight depression.


but did not have nausea, dizziness.
Water retention under skin making it tender to touch including odd places like the back of the head. Feeling of raised body temperature and heat. Mood changes (feeling positive)
The inability to drink more than 2 glasses of wine at a time!
The only side effect that I had was strange dreams for the first few nights.
I had a dry mouth and my eyes were dry.
I did have slight skin irritation during the first 2 weeks of use and after the second week I started having a few acne cysts (which is apparently a normal skin reaction during the first weeks of treatment). Nevertheless, I asked my doctor to put me on minocycline in order to avoid additional acne scars. This combination (Retin-A-Micro & Mincycline) works wonders!
the drug induced some dryness and flakiness especially around the nose area and chin area. this side effect can go away after a while
There were no sside effects.
I had no queasiness or nausea, no jittery feelings. No hives.
None
Blurry vision to the point where I now have to wear glasses.  My skin has acne and I didn't have it before.  I have to use a prescription to controle it.  My acid reflux is terrible and i have to use a prevacid to control that.  My skin is very dry and it has become so bad that if i don't moisturize it will bleed.  Mild tremmor.  Slight confusion and inability to concentrate sometimes.  My hair falls out more than it used to.  As my doctor says: it's a dirty drug.  However, I'm not a zombie and I can sleep so I can learn to live with the above.
I didn't seem to see any and was frequently not sure if I was actually getting the right dose.  It took about 3 years to get the current dose right.  And since that time I haven't changed it.  I have found out that the dosage I am taking is the very least amount I can take and still take thyroid medicine.
It is hard to say. I have chronic headaches and general stress. So I am not sure whether the Keflex may have made matters a bit worse sometimes. Overall, I can't seem to correlate Keflex to my other conditions at all.
I had an overall sense of unwellness.  Nausea was constant even when the drug was taken separate from other drugs and with food/on a full stomach etc.  I felt almost flu like; ie the beginning of flu onset when you are not yet fully sick.
None.
Mild dry mouth.  Otherwise, no side effects.
none that I notice, however, there is a study out that indicates that people over 50 who take proton pump inhibitors are more likely to develop osteoporosis.  I was diagnosed with osteopenia in my late forties, even though I take calcium and exercise.  Then again, I weigh 98 pounds and am very small boned and caucasian so I dont know if the nexium had anything to do with it.
none
I have experienced no side effects. I feel a little different at times - more relaxed than anything since it helps with my pain. No problems but you MUST eat when taking this medication I was told since ulcers are common if the medication is not taken correctly.
magnified anxiety over future stressfull tasks, possible hair loss,
increase in headache.
There was some mild flushing feelings,  without flushed skin.  If the medicine was not taken with food there was an uncomfortable feeling in the stomach about three hours after ingestion.
I had headaches for several weeks after taking this med.  Along with insomnia.  I also had some mild weight gain.  After being on it for several months I lost my urge to be sexual active.
My eyes used to be kind of itchy and the skin, at the beginning of the treatment, used to be itchy and reddish too.
I was unable to function for the majority of the day it got worse as the day went on. I felt like someone had drugged me. I slept but would feel like I was awake but paralyzed. My speech was slurred and could hardly move. This was all 8 hours into taking the medication. I had not taken a muscle relaxer for about 10 years and now I know why!
Hair loss. Hyperthyroid at first then Hypothyroid. The initial weight loss is pretty cool but over time can lead to malnourishment.  Have to be careful not to fall into a "manic" mode because it is totally annoying to others.  Also it tends to cause tension in my back.  I've spent much money at the chiropractor over the years.  Otherwise the pain is unbearable.
memory loss and auditory & visual hallucinations even at a dose of 50mg -200mg
none at 300 mg.  Possible tinnitus from increase to 450 mg, not evaluated by an audiologist yet though.  Did experience weight loss (7 lbs.) at 450 mg dosage.
a little balance, occasional dry mouth
none at 300 mg.  Possible tinnitus from increase to 450 mg, not evaluated by an audiologist yet though.  Did experience weight loss (7 lbs.) at 450 mg dosage.
The first week of my treatment, I had horrible leg cramps and nausea. I actually had to hold a vomit bag while I sat on the couch, and car rides were pretty impossible from motion sickness. But that passed pretty quickly.
nausea the first couple days,headache,fixed constipation issues for the time,tiredness,but after a few days or so,was back to self,but MUST STAY OUT OF THE SUN.and if your even going out for 5 minutes in the sun,at all, i recommend a 50 spf sunscreen!photosensitivity will occur.,stay very very hydrated as well.for some reason,this med made me thirsty.
Arthritis Med/Tramadol HLC causes slight dizziness! I also have to take 500 MG of Tylenol 3 times a day. to help with the pain. As the Tramadol HLC is not enough. Vioxx worked better! I can't take Nsaids as i am Allergic to Aspirin.





Diabetes Meds make Blood Sugar level drop Between Breakfast & Lunch. Fast! Because I/Patient am almost in the Pre/Boaderline Diabetes Stage.
A little more sleepy and lack energy.  Also, it's obvious with the prozac that I'm at a point that I'm not able to go off of it without replacing it with something.  The vicodin doesn't seem to be a problem with side effects as long as I don't take more than one tablet at a time (500/5).
Initially has hot flashes  red flushing of skin.  However it was discovered that taking the Niaspan before going to bed, with an 81mg enteric coated aspirin entirely eliminated the hot flashes.  There have been some deposits of fatty nodules just below the skin in several locations.  There has not been a causative link between the Niaspan pointed out to me. However since the Niaspan  reduces the circulating amount of a fatty chemical, the appearance of fatty deposits is suspicious.
None
severe restless legs - especially at night. This made sleep difficult and I had to discontinue the drug. 


My doctor was NOT aware of this as a side effect of Prosac, and sent me to another doctor for an additonal consultation before he would change the medication. 


Now I believe the side effects are more well-known.
Restlessness, Constipation,bad dreams etc.
None really.  however, I am concerned about the correlation to osteoporosis, since proton pumps are probably involved in bone remodeling.  Now I take only 20mg daily as needed.
Increased sex drive followed by a breast cancer diagnosis
High depression, anxiety attacks, heart palpitations.
Started getting severe headaches from the medication.It cause high blood pressure that lasted 12 to 14 weeks after my last infusion. Also sores on my scalp,arms, laegs and buttocks that hurt so bad and our so sore.They clear up and come right back at the same exact spot. 


I ended up in the hospital. When I was at work a collapse to the floor and I didnt know what was going on until they found my blood pressure sky high and I had severe chest pains. They gave me nitro pill for my chest pain and medication to drop my blood pressure but it took almost 14 weeks before those side effects to go away. I stopped taking it back in 2004. 





However the sores have nevr gone away and I keep getting these major flare ups with the sores all over my body.
Diarrhea and stomach pain
diarrhea for weeks later
None.  No change in sex drive.  Far less ejaculate than before however age 55 might have something to do with that.
The side effects were sometimes being tired.  It really didn't affect my day to much, except that I felt better.
I experienced some nausea and fatigue when first taking it.
initially experienced digestive discomfort, diarrhea, agitation and insomnia, dry mouth, chills and sweats, and headache; all mild and disappeared after about 2 weeks.
no treatment side effect for armour until last year when the pharma company decided to change the so called inert ingredients. My TSH jumped from 1.75 to 5.3 after 6 months on the new formulation.
son put on weight, the dr said this was not linked but when son stopped the medication he lost weight
The main side effects experienced included loss of appetite and increased anxiety, especially towards the end of the drug's effectiveness period (about 8 hours).  This is an improvement over short-acting Focalin where these side effect was experienced up to 3xs a day.  I did not experience any other side effects.
I really didn't have any side effects other than no getting my period.
muscle fatigue which causes my leg muscles to get tired in about 45 minutes on a elliptical stairmaster or in a mountain hike where the elevation change is greater than 500 feet. sometimes my calf muscles cramp up even without doing any strenuous exercise.
As the dosage increased, the lack of effect turned into a complete removal of affect as well as a persistent feeling of listlessness and heaviness (like having weights on limbs and chest).
I have not noticed side effects. I was hoping that a good side effect would be that it would help me quit smoking. It hasn't.
development of an imbalance of natural-to-the-body fungi of the scalp, chest and feet that required antifungal creme as treatment
I've noticed an increase in sexual desire over this period. I find that I need to have sex at least daily, and or masturbate at least once a day to simply feel relieved and sexually relaxed. My doctor has reported that she has seen this reported more often then the 'common' side effects reported. 





In addition to my findings I find my Semen while in greater quantity during orgasm seems to be thinner after ejaculation.
Muscle cramps.
During the 10 days taking the drug there were no side effects, however the day after the last dosage, I began having severe diarrhea, which persisted and was diagnosed as a bacterial infection called clostridium difficil, caused by the antibiotic I had taken.
liver damage.  everyone I spoke to said this is a very dirty drug.  this is a cancer type of treatment,  (chemo)  it is old and very hard on the liver.  can result in very serious liver damage very quickly.
I had two one week stays in the hospital with cellulitis and staff. The enbrel lowered my resistance to infection and I was advised to stop the injections. I had bad bruises that lasted for several months. I had a lot of stomach trouble and I started wrinkling on my face and neck. I lost a great deal of hair on my head ,eyebrows, and lashes.
Inability to sleep some nights is the worst side effect.  I take the medicine Monday through Friday and when I take Adderall each Monday, I usually cannot sleep Monday night.  Sometimes I get overly anxious from taking the Adderall.
None--until the 3rd to 4th day when I experienced HORRIBLE esophagitis. and heartburn which felt like a big air bubble in the middle of my chest---at first I thought it was a heart attack.
I think it might have made the hair on my scalp thinner; irregular bleeding (this might have been due to my not always taking the medicine exactly at the same time each day).
Wallet shock.  Patient seems to overall fall asleep easier, but tends to have some problems getting a deep sleep, but this may or may not be related to the Advair.  Other than that, there do not seem to be any adverse side effects  -- casually or medically -- after about 1-1/2 years of taking the medication.
very dry skin, bloody nose
One of the warnings on the bottle is "May cause drowsiness". Well, that's why I am taking it! If you don't want to feel drowsy, then Ativan is probably not for you. Another drawback is that if it is used too often, your body will get used to it and you may have to bump up your dose. When I first began taking Ativan, I only needed half a mg. to fall asleep, so I would cut a tablet in half. I only use it 3 or 4 times a month, but even at that dosage, after having used it for several years, I now find I have to take a whole tablet in order for the Ativan to help me sleep.
I didn't have any side effects so none that I am aware of.
loss of memory of things done while on it


Short acting so had to get up and take some more
I took one dose on a Friday and that night I had such bad rib and breast bone pain I thought I had strained a muscle.  Today is the fourth day and still in pain. The pain is moving to my back, sides and then back to chest. Today is the fourth day with this pain and seems to getting better.  I am not going to take this drug any more.
The only side effect I noticed was some weight loss in the beginning.  My doctor was very careful to start me out on 50 MG and move me up VERY slowly to the 200 MG 2x per day, which I understand is a very high dosage and took all of 4 years to get to that dosage.  I was monitored every 30 days to ensure that I was not losing too much weight, having any type of eye problems, or numbness in my hands or feet--the eye problems, and numbness I never experienced; but was always told that if I did experience even a hint of these things, that I would have to stop the medication immediately--so my doctor does constantly ask me about those things.  I have also read that Topamax has been used to treat alcoholics, and have noticed that since taking it, I have no desire to drink alcohol at all--but I am not an alcoholic--just a unique observation.  It really just seems like a great drug!!
Head itching, mouth and throat itchy swollen, cough, ringing in ears, bloating, extreme fatigue and depression.
none in my case
I had some GI issues, some bloating and intestinal gas, but this went away after a few weeks.
Headache first morning at 4AM that was relieved with Excedrin.  Migraine headache with vomiting that lasted 14 hours.  Couldn't go to work that day and stopped taking it.
Upon the first few applications there was a slight burning sensation. This quickly went away.
Generally, I find allergy medications, such as Claritin and Zyrtec to be too drying to be useful. I live in a dry city (Los Angeles) and I am prone to nose bleeds, dry eyes and dry skin. There is still some drying associated with this drug if I take it daily. However, if I take it occasionally, it is fine. I also can tolerate prolonged usage of this medication better than  I can other allergy medications.
sleepy
Vagifem has little side effects. I occasionally notice some discharge. I also feel bloated for a day or so after inserting.
There have been no treatment side effects for me thus far.
I was found after taking the drug, 2 miles away from my home by the police department. I have no recollection of what happened. I do not know when I left the house & started walking, but we suspect around 6 am. I was totally incoherent, dilusional, confused & had no idea where I was at. I was in my night clothes & barefoot even.
none obvious that I could feel, at least in the short term. not sure about long term side effects. but I'm not taking this drug for too long or dependent on it so guess it won't be a problem.
There are no side effects that I have noticed.
Slept for 3 days. Very disoriented and groggy!
It always puts me to sleep for an hour or two. After waking, I sometimes feel a little shakey, but the pain is gone. I wouldn't take this med if I were out of the house due to the grogginess.
some swelling to soles of feet, some colds/coughs but no bad infections, cuts and bites take longer to heal, very severe injection site reactions leading to transfer from etanercept to adalimumab
Low blood pressure.
excrutiaing stomach/intestinal pain
Extreme lethargy, coughing all day and during the night. Dry mouth and gagging at night. Nausea and the feeling of a weight on my chest. Sneezing, sore throat.  Because I have allergies, I thought they were just giving me more trouble than usual. Constipation/diarrhea. The feeling of being winded with only a moderate amount of activity. I am only 15 lbs. overweight and am used to a very active life but feel down and depressed a lot and have problems getting to sleep at night.
Unfortunately, athough I was sleeping more regularly, I was still not rejuvenated.  The sleep was of a drugged quality, remarkably different from a natural sleep, in that I still felt tired a lot of the time.  Always dry mouth after the night, and after several years of use, I wondered if it had affected my memory, as loss of memory was notable. Seems to me that I had frequent headaches, as well.
Acne
I did not experience any side effects.
Considerably sore breasts first 4-5 months of treatment.  I would encourage women with breast tenderness to hang in there.  It went away completely over time.  Once in a while I have a day or two of soreness, but very tolerable.
created such redness and irratation my face looked worse from that then it did from the acne. Created cracks around my eye area that was very sensitive. My skin burned and stung. Skin became so dry it itched. I was embarrased by the redness and flaking. It almost looked like my skin was burned
no side effects
I have permanent Peripheral Neuropathy!
This is the second time 3 yrs apart Ive had this drug.The first time no problems apart from a dry mouth and stopped smoking for 18months.


This time as soon as I went onto two tablets a day severe mental problems,depression,shakes,insomnia,problems focusing,joint ache all pretty bad and all starting within a day of taking two tablets.I stopped straight away and the problems are slowly subsiding.
Hallucinations, waking up feeling as if in out to sea on a small sailboat and i am trying to walk below deck and its very rough waves outside. I was swaying pretty hard, then came the blue and green clouds, which i had to walk through, WHICH did not go away for hours, until i called in sick and took a nap. They should put a note on the Rx bottle "will(not just may) cause hallucinations". Although, i maintained, i do not know if i will try to stay on the medication - that was 2 nights ago.
Unfortunately, I wasn't always taking it with food, so not sure if that was the cause or I just developed side effects from the medication.  But, after being on it for a year and a half I developed severe stomach pains, and gas.  My stomach would swell as the day went on and became very hard and painful.  So I stopped taking the drug and those things went away, but my foot got so bad I couldn't walk, so now I'm trying it every other day, but still my stomach tends to become a bit upset.
Skin picking (at hands) when peak dosage declines
a little groggy the next day---not much----just the first couple of times .
I did have shortness of breath and a little paranoia..it subsisted after a week or so..really bad cravings for water (that's a good thing)and little bit of an appetite..always mad sure i ate 3 times a day..small meals and gym 4x week..
none
Slight peeling of the skin occurred as did some redness and dryness. I added additional moisturizer to alleviate dryness
occ spotting and tendency to develop melasma, which are pigmented areas on the face, exacerbated by sun exposure.  These are easily covered with make up or Retin A or other meds can fade them.  Most women don't get these.
none - no apparent side effects whatsoever. periods were normal when on inert pills. Periods came like clockwork
swelling, weight gain, fatigue
Drug-induced psychosis, resulting in 10 day commitment to a mental institution.
Dry lips.
There were no side effects.  Annual liver function and lipid tests are required by the physician.
none
Some delayed sexual function, although not severe.  Some muscle jerks and twitches.
Adderall allowed me to start and FINISH projects. It also gave me energy. I am not a coffee drinker, so Adderall was like my morning coffee.  It sometimes would give me a feeling of mild euphoria, which was nice. Certain tasks (like cleaning the house!) didnt seem so difficult because I would not get distracted by other things. Also dry mouth.
I have had no side effects from taking zirtek.
The side effect of the Vermox was primarily a metallic taste in my mouth which lasted throughout the treatment of twenty one days.  The Celexa  gave me a symptoms of dry mouth as well as some decrease in sexual desire.
Some dry skin and flaking, which made make-up application difficult.  Tried to exfoliate to which gave some improvement. Also, skin sensitivity after the initial peel of skin.  Not sure if I will continue to use this product as I cannot see any improvement to fine lines.
There were no noticable side effects.  For the seven day period that I was taking the Amoxicillin caplets I did not feel 'normal' in that I felt light headed and somewhat disconnected.  However, I was still coughing with the chest infection and it was difficult to tell how much of what I was feeling was due to the infection and its after-effects and how much was due to the Amoxicillin.  My own perception was that the Amoxicillin had no noticable side-effects.
Virtually none.  Not drowsiness, not upset stomach, no nothing.  Just don't miss your dose.
moodier then usual
I started taking it in the morning, but it made me a little drowsy, so I began taking it at night. Makes me more tired, but hasn't helped me overcome my insomnia just yet.
Initially tired more than normal but tiredness subsided in a few days
My God, I'm amazed that this drug is still on the market. I'm actually an MD, and was prescribed this drug for anxiety and panic attacks. I know to give a drug about a month to work, but I lasted all of 3 days on this!! Started with a 75 mg dose, immediately fell asleep for 4 hours, woke up feeling so out of it that I could barely string a sentence together, spent the next day feeling nauseous, hot, sweaty, jittery and weak. Got leg spasms that night and woke up 12 hours post-ingestion having a rebound panic attack. When morning finally arrived, I had the kind of hangover headache that you get when you're in college and have spent the night parting and binge drinking, but without any of the fun. The next day, upon advice from my psychiatrist, I dropped the dose right down to 25 mg, with no change in side effects. 3rd day I tried only 6.25 mg (quarter of a 25 mg pill), and still felt nauseous, hot, dizzy and weak...and fell asleep for two hours. This is now day 6 and I'm finally recovering from my 3 day trip to hell with Effexor. Left a 5 min message on my psychiatrist's machine - will not be taking this crap anymore!! Will not EVER be prescribing this to any of my patients.
I developed severe hyperpigmentation and somewhat dry skin. My skin is also thinner and transparent around the eyes.
I had no side effects.  I especially liked this drug, because previously, I had been taking a beta-blocker, which lowered my heart rate and made cardiovascular exercise using heart rate training impossible.
I have had stomac acidity if I did not have had a meal before, followed with a nausea, but with full stomac I did not have any side effects.
I really did not experience any side effects. I did notice however that when I took it on an empty stomach, I would get a little bit nausiated. I took it for two weeks straight and never experienced any bad side effects other than feeling a little sick to my stomach if I did not eat anything before I took it.
Basically, I only noticed a huge weight gain of approximately 15 pounds.  I do not really recall any further side effects.  There were however, other side effects listed on the prescription contraindication form.  I do not recall what the side effects listed on that form were now.
Caused irritation and more redness. Skin was very sensitive. Some dryness. Most suncreens caused burning and itching.
A little nausea when I first started taking the drub.
Visual disturbances (flashing light effects, blurring), mood swings, fluid retention.
I would not term the effects as negative side effects, nor would I say they the effects were as beneficial as I expected them to be. 10 years later and I am still suffering the same symptoms, though not as severe. I have had a very difficult time getting traditional Dr.s to look beyond the Thyroid and to realize that for a woman it becomes a package deal. Once you hit menopause and the chemical balance shifts it is not enough to look at one part of the body and blame that for all your symptoms. I was NEVER sick as a child or young adult. I never had female problems, but once menopause set in my body went haywire. I KNOW, in speaking with women my own age,that I am not an isolated case. Thyroid disease is more prevalent than ever and this drug does not cut it for some patients.
Groggy early in the morning but an espresso and a bit of exercise wakes me up completely. (Wish someone had told me to exercise early in the morning before!) Also learnt to take pills earlier at night (6pm) for better sleep and less grogginess in the morning. Initially picked up 30 lbs but now losing weight through exercise and watching intake. Seroquel makes me hungry but I choose what to put in my mouth. When I am manic or depressed, I eat anything, but on Seroquel I can at least choose what and when to eat. I have suffered from migraines (with aura) for decades, but these have stopped too! The longer I have been on Seroquel, the less the side effects became.
gallbladder disease, high cholesterol, (higher with the new Estrace). reflux
I developed an intractable cough, and a post nasal drip.  Cough worsened daily to the point that I was unable to speak any full sentence without either a coug,h or tears coming to my eyes in an effort to not cough.
Nausea vomiting or diarrhea may occur. the medicine may cause temporary staining of the teeth, serious side effects such as dark urine,persistent nausea or vomiting,stomach pain or cramping or blood or mucus in your stool.  Prolong use oral thrush or a new viginal yeast infextion.  White patch in your mouth a change in vaginal discharge or other new systoms.  My child itch all over
tingling fingers temporarily, fatigue, increased hair loss, weight loss.  Blood pressure dropped very low during weight loss phase.
No known side effect
None
Addiction to the medicine. I could not stop taking it without experiencing physical withdrawal. [Sweating, night sweats, jumping out of skin, jittery nerves, lethargy, fatigue, depression.] I took it over a year just because I could not NOT take it. Finally, I quit cold turkey, suffered the withdrawal for about two days. Took over 8 months until the nerve jumps in my skin stopped at night.
There were really no side effects other than when one dose was missed, I became very dizzy.
No side effects related to the Lyrica medication.
I started having problems with my right jaw clicking, something similar to TMJ.  It went away completely when I stopped taking Actonel.  Not sure if it was related, but it seemed odd that it stopped when I quit the drug.
tiredness and little half-life causing quick mood shifts...  considered a time release but did not want to be drowsy all the time from the effects of the drug
major headaches 20-30 mins after taking it.
Tons of tingling in the hands/feet, intense hypersomnia (sleeping 16+ hours a day), increased aggressiveness, loss of appetite, lack of energy
Severe nausea, metalic tase, sick to the stomach, loss of appetite, dizziness, feeling sick and mild headaches and cramps.
Itchiness at injection site.
No side effects at all
Slight drowsiness and fogginess. Sensitivity to heat in fingers.
drowsiness, loss of libido
Mild fatigue and general apathy.
Mild drying of the scalp
dilated pupils, increase in heart rate. When I was being "weaned" off it, I had a lot of dizzy spells
I never found that I had any side effects from this med.
I have had spotting now for almost a month. I have gained about 5-10 pounds, which is not fun. I've had weird skin changes, and severe mood swings. I also feel bloated all the time.
Constant chancre sores in the mouth. "Tanac" helps
A greatly lowered libido and extremely vivid dreams.
N/A currently
-Insatiable hunger (added about 3kgs)


 -Constant Fatigue/grogginess


 -Dry Mouth at Night


 -Vivid Nightmares


 -Complete loss of labido (lame)





I was pretty much miserable the entire time i was taking it, but was aware that it was supposed to start doing what it was supposed to after the first month or so, so I persevered.
None.
sleepiness- fatigu memory loss- confusion-depression- trouble breathigng
Form the onset I experienced a severe stabbing pain in my head followed by persistant headache for the remaining of the time i was on the medication.  I was plagued with upset stomach, constipation followed by diahrea, loss of balance, and the inability to remember words.  The night of the last day I took the medication I was unable to sleep due to the headache and therefore discontinued taking it.
Very mild feeling of flushing, or something like being light headed,
There was dry mouth, which was easily solved by taking lime juice or sour drinks.
severe headache, chills, fever, I literally thought I was going to die. I took the drug as prescribed with food and after taking one pill became extremely sick. I would not recommend this drug and I flushed the rest of my prescription down the toilet!!
stomach pains sickness
Significant peeling of skin around nose and chin, very flakey and noticable, along with all over redness on cheeks, nose and chin.
Initially I didn't notice any side effects.  After time, sometimes forgetting to take it, not getting RX refilled in time, chaning RX's, going back to Diovan, etc., my side effects became more noticeable and I had more of them.  Moderate to sever muscle aches were my major side effect.  Noticed more concentration required during driving, and eye vision blurriness.
didn't eat as much, was a little emotionally cold sometimes.
I have had a constant headache with this drug.  After I first take it, I feel somewhat fatigued and dizzy.  I was on Depakote in the past and definitely had more side effects, such as alopecia.  My psychiatrist told me that these associated headaches should become less severe the longer I take this medication.
I often wondered if the osteopenia and mild von willowbrant's were a result of long term use of Doryx (an antibiotic).  Prior to taking Doryx, I had taken Tetracycline (since my late teens I have been on an antibiotic of some kind).  I am presently antibiotic free but am taking Spironolactone to control breakouts. A hematologist said my blood was deficient in collagen. Could this mild deficientcy be connected to antibiotic use, as well?
small nicks / scratches bled more easily
Aching and weak muscles
There are no side effects to this drug that I have experienced.
I read the pamphlet and there are a few side effects such as dizziness but I didn't suffer any.
Some dry and flaking skin. Some irritation near mouth and nose.  Sensitivity to sun. Used sunscreen and hat to protect against sunburn.
a bit groggy in the morning.  It usually wore off by 9am or so but I wouldn't recommend to anyone with a job that requires intense focus.
I suffered from hallucinations and nightmares, also the tablet left a bad taste in the mouth for 7 to 8 hours. There was moderate sweating. However, the hallucinations made it hard to get proper sleep.
The drug created the same cognitive issues and coordination problems as alcohol. Taking it was like having a few glasses of wine. Driving would have been dangerous.
redness, itchiness and peeling.  Wrinkles around eyes actually seem a little worse due to dryness.  Need to wait and see in a month or so.
Oily stools, gas, bloating.  Learned to avoid greasy foods.  I experienced no other side effects.
Horrendous. Lethargy, muscle weakness, headaches, aching joints and muscles.  My symptoms and changed "personality" alarmed my family.
I seemed to have grown sensitive to the medication after 6 months and I was a mess.  I had a face of red, sensitive, peeling skin.
if not taken daily it will not work. you can not miss a day or there will be some cycsts that will form.
There were no treatment side effects noted.
Once you take it, you cannot stop. I took the pill for one year. At that time my cholestrol level was pretty well controlled. It dropped from 8.6 to 5.1. I stopped the pills and the cholestrol level immediately rise even higher than before (9.1)
I have bled for 3 1/2 weeks.  Began with huge clots and now minor spotting. Major moods swings.  I cry for no reason at all.  Breast are very tender. Decrease in libido. I donot like this BC.  Would prefer to use condoms.
There was no side effect, however I really hated giving injection to myself. I was so painfull. The injection spot became bruised, even though I iced it right away after injection. And the bruises did not heal for a week to two weeks. I picked different injection spot every day to avoid the bruised area, so my abdomen was purple for the 9 weeks.
none.I can honestly say I never feel wired or jittery, no known side effects that I can think of.
Severe muscle pain and weakness
Slight nausea as to be expected but swollen tender nipples which is something I'm not prone to.
fatigue, dry mouth
We took her off the time released medication and switched is a regular so that it would not interfer with her sleep which it did in the beginning with the time released.
The only side effect was a transient stinging upon application that would last 15 minutes at most. The stinging did not coinside with redness or irritation.
The only side effect i encounterd was sleepness, however i slept great every night but also felt like sleeping all day. i am a mother of 3 kids under 4 years old and soon found the loss of energy had to cope with.  **


I realy have nothing bad to say about this drug, however if you are at a loss for energy to begin with, this drug will make it worse.
headaches, nausea, druggy feelings, heaviness, just an overall sense of malaise.  Felt like I was in a drug induced stupor.  Very uncomfortable and unacceptable.
Lack of appetite was a problem at first.  Edgy when the medicatin is wearing down (10 hours after taking.)
There were no side effects that I can recall at the outset and there are no


side effects now.
This medication causes drowsiness and dizziness, memory loss and depression
Fear of nasal polyps and being "addicted" to medication. I stopped using it as soon as allergy season was over. I like the product, but am concerned about long-term effects.
dry cracked skin


depression


mixed sleeping cycle
read detals
Made me a little sleepy, which actually helped my sleeping problems as well. Might have affected the ease to reach orgasm- however i think lexapro was the main culprit of that side effect having taken that med previously [lexapro has also helped my bulmia & depression].
for the first couple years on 600mg it would totally knock me out and i liked it because i was exuasted and it slowed down my thoughts. but after that it began to have an adverse effect where once it kicked in i would have a mild to moderate anxiety attack, then i would have to eat to ease the anxiety as it would make me very hungry, then i could finally sleep. but not well and very disturbed and interupted. exessive binge eating and sleep walking. blocked nose, and fearful of thoughts. wanted to get off for the past few years.
When I got a sinus infection I had to go on antibiotics. I took 3 different kinds of antibiotics and they did not work. I read somewhere that Metrogel made you resistent to antibiotics.
dizzy, vomiting. my bp is sometimes too low especially after exercise but I am not having headaches as long or often
When the dose wore off I would feel very edgy and tired.  I would have to really control my emotions which seemed off the charts!  Also, I found my heart would race and I would feel very speedy.
Headache and drowsiness during the day were the number one and two side effects. The drowsiness was kept in check by adjusting the doseage downward.
drying and peeling.
None.
none
I also take hydrocodone for chronic kidney stones and back pain. Upon mixing Gabapentin and Hydrocodone I turned into a raging , hateful person. I was hateful to my family and could not stand myself!I wanted to hurt myself and others. Taking these two meds together changed my whole personality.It is clear that I cannot take these two together.  I will stay on the Gabapentin but will only take Hydrocodone when I am in extreme pain! It seems to help others when taking Hydrocodone and Gabapentin together but I will NEVER do this again.Gabapentin makes me sleep well. I used to get up 2 or 3 times per night but with this med I sleep all night and it has helped my depression a great deal.The only side effect I have noticed from Gabapentin was a little dizziness when I first begin taking it. It has since went away.
None yet that I have noticed.
On 35 mg had an effect the first day. I didn't sleep but I did not expereince sleeplessness until the third night.  Impotence settled in.The first day with 75 mg a late afternoon anxiety dive,fatigue, depressive episod appeared.
At first it made me pretty drowsy.  After about three weeks, my body adjusted to it, and the drowsiness went away.  I have to be sure to take Etodolac after eating a meal, or it causes rather pronounced nausea.  I've found that it has to be an actual meal, too.  Just a nibble of something isn't enough to prevent the upset stomach.
Acute psoritic rash accompanied by alopecia which required dermatologist care
Dry mouth and night sweats.
weight gain-approx 20 lbs, loss of sexual desire, drowsiness dose
Initial break-out, drying, peeling of the applied skin area.
None
The drug causes PERMANENT SEXUAL DYSFUNCTION, CHRONIC FATIGUE, REDNESS AND SWELLING! This is a very dangerous drug and it should not be on the market.  Merck needs to be investigated for pawning this poison-pill onto the public. My life is completely destroyed and my side-effects have NEVER gone away.  








It also appears that Merck has filled the internet with a plethora of propecia-advertising websites in order to make consumer complaints harder to find on search engines.
None
None
i did not ecperience any side effects that i know of.
Severe headaches, nausea, increase in appetite, heavy weight gain.  My head hurt a lot.  I would have to take pain killers just to get through my work day.  Sometime when I come home I'd have to lay down.  I often felt sick to the stomach late nights or early morning and would be forced to eat something like a pregnant woman.  Doing this regularly caused me to gain weight.
For my Blood Pressure its been as high as 199/105 and as low as 120/72.  I have


a fear of drs and hospitals and white coats.  No matter how I try to relax it


seems the pressure is always high.  I had the other BP meds, Norvasc, Altonel,


and used a diuretic to no avail.
Made be slightly sleepy but was able to function normally.
Severe nausea, bitter taste in mouth within an hour of first dose. IBS flare up within a few hours of taking the dose, abdominal pain and achy joints and neck.
none
No side effects were experienced in any way with the original dosage of 37.5 mg.  Dosage was increased to a level double the original prescription and at this level the anticipated side effects became apparent.  Both drowsiness and dizziness were experienced at the increased dosage.  There was still no significant improvement in the original symptoms.
Headaches, aggrivated tinnitus, increased menstrual pain, abdominal pain.  Other general aches and pains in the body which could not be explained.
loose stools infrequently
Somtimes constipation would occur, and there would be a tight, bloating feeling in the lower abdomen.
Day 2 I had vomiting & feeling sick for up to 4hours.The vomiting itself only lasted 15mins, mainly due to having little food in my stomach. The worst thing was being unable to keep water down.





I have also experienced an upset stomach & achey bones.
Initially it was torture, and this usually puts people off but for those who feel they can not get through it, take a few days 1/2 weeks of work or school or whatever the case may be and suffer it out cause it's a gateway to a new life!! It was torture, I felt like I was loosing it initially, althou there was a great enjoyment aspect as well that sort of reminded me of an experience I had on amphetemines many moons ago!! I was walking around for two days on the verge of an orgasm!! Sadly that was the only plus beyond that there was nausea, acid/burn in my stomach inability to eat lost 4 lbs that was followed with overeating and constipation, nitemares nitesweats, fuzzy feeling in general more anxiety inability to step outside my zone! It passes after bout two weeks roughly and then u start to feel the benefits!! Well nd truly feeling the benefits after two months.
Severe depression, suicidal, that continued for eight months until I decided to start smoking again. Drug made my kidneys ache. My daughter had similar depression/suicidal side effects. In my opinion a dangerous drug.
lots of peeling =(
Mild GI upset
Dryness of the skin and mouth, peeling/flaking.  Seemed like my acne was getting worse, but I was told, my skin was purging the acne out, and that is exactly what it did!
I am not 100% sure that this was caused by the Citilopram, but I began to experience severe ringing (Tinnitus) in one ear. It has been a week since I tapered off the drug and the ear ringing has not yet subsided. The depressive symptoms have returned.
I put on a lot of weight right away and frequently had tourinate and itching in the genital area and high blood pressure was noted
HUGE weight gain of 20 pounds, moody, loss of sexual desire, periods that lasted two weeks, tons of breakthrough bleeding. On top of all that I had tons of body issues due to the weight gain. 20 pounds is very noticeable on my 120 pound frame! I would not recommend this to anyone!
None so far.
I would get some peeling or redness if I applied too much.  If this occurred, I would stop using it for a day or two, and the problem would go away.  It was more of a concern in the winter months when my skin was more dry.  But having oily skin, it usually wasn't a big problem.
Some mild dizziness initially.  Pt. reported light-headedness when getting up from a chair for a minute or two.  Side effects seem to have resolved, though maybe scattered thinking is slightly more increased.
The side effects included:  extreme dizziness, nausea, and disorientation.  Also experienced cold sweats.
none
weight gain, moodiness, feel tired all the time, can not operate the car
I experienced drowsiness in the first 1-2 weeks which went away.  At night, I experienced dry mouth and dry eyes, usually beginning about 8pm through bedtime.  I am a bit more drowsy in the morning.  It takes a bit longer to wake up completely in the morning.
Nausea, loss of appetite, a little chest pain and vomiting. They gave me a shot of this at the hospital and then perscribed me with it. Once I got home I noticed I had an upset stomach, I thought it was because they gave me the shot on an empty stomach, so I ate something small and tried to take a nap. When I woke up from my nap my upset stomach did not go away and I felt naushes. I tried to drink a Powerade and eat a few preztles, that did not help at all. So for dinner I ate some soup and the upset stomach, nausea and chest pain still continued. I went to bed and woke up with stomach pains and still nausea. I ended up vomiting but only a little. I haven't taken any of the prescribed pills, just the shot at the hospital, and I am still feeling nausea, an upset stomach and a little chest pain. This medicine is not good at all.
See above.  Sleepiness and groggy-ness about 6 hours after dose.  I also feel irritable during the "sleepy" time, probably due to the fatigue factor.  I have noticed that little things get me irritated more easily while on Stattera.
The Side effects I experienced from this drug were minimal. I did experience some headaches and a bit of a spacey feeling in the head when I first started taking it. Overall, I would say that the major issue I experienced which I am considering a side effect was a dulling of the emotions. While it helped me to curb my frustration and irritability, it also dulled my ability to feel great happiness or excitement about anything. My husband complained that I just stopped caring about everything. I also became completely disinterested in sex.
Dry skin. After washing even with the mildest cleansers I noticed my skin would be very tight and uncomforable.
minimal side effects included mild grogginess upon waking.
After  taking the Biaxin for 9 days and feeling much improvement, I started noticing some itchy bumps on my legs.  Over the next 2 days, my whole body erupted into welts, especially in the axilla, the groin. I called my doctoe and stopped the Biaxin. I continued to have new hives each day for the next 5 days.  Gradually they went away.
None that I am aware of.
I did not experience side effects, although some people do.
The only side effect is increased wakefulness at night when I'd like to go to  sleep.
None.
The only side effects I had were temporary decreased sexual desire and a decreased ability to have orgasms.  These side effects went away after about 6 months on this drug.
Slight peeling and redness when treatment began
Initially there were no problems, but after a week or so, began to suffer from blurred vision, which would appear and disappear at random. Hot flushes would also be sporadic. I also had a sense of "scatterbrain" ie my mind felt jumbled up, I could not make quick decisions, everything seemed blurry in my head. My stomach suffered from bloating  and a sense of squirmishness.  On some days I vomitted.Over time this decreased, and eventually after 1 and 1/2 years these symptons stopped. The time line probably could be reduced, but on ocassions of sickness, I stopped taking clomid and began the next month. My skin had a positive impact - it was very clear and had a very soft feel/texture. I had a very heightened sense of smell as well.
Started having hallucinations. Began to see dead people (mother, father,siblings) after a few days, couldn't move. just sat in one place staring. A neighbor finally took me to the hospital. Afterward, the doctor told me that I had had both a heart attack and a stroke as a result of the medicine.
Sometimes I feel a bit nauseated if I take it with my other medications.
Horrible headaches,sensation of fullness in my head,dizziness, nausea, extreme fatigue, permanent ear ringing sensation,insomnia.I feel cold most all the time even if it is warm in the room I am in or outdoors.
Initial diarrhea. Must gradually titrate up to the assigned dose, and take with food.
excesive bleeding
none. Although they do say it can cause dryeness, however my skin is quite oily so I am not worried.I must be carefull not to get pregnant as it might cause problems . I believe it is contraindicated in pregnancy.It was Very easy to use.I used powder and moisturiser over it with no problem.
I did not have any side effects that I am aware of.
I had no side effects wtih this drug. not sure how much more clear I can make it.
abdominal cramps
The only negative side effect was the insomnia for the first few weeks, but that is to be expected from this type of drug I believe.
Vivid dreams, and the loss of my intuitiveness.
Jittery,increased heart rate.mild mood swings.
There were no side effects short of a slight tingling in the nose when using it.
Hairloss, extreme dry skin, itchiness, raises cholestorol level, damages liver. Patient must drink at least 2 litres of water per day. Patient must not go out in the Sun during treatment period. Patient must not eat fatty food as Roaccutane increase cholesterol level. Patient must not consumer alcohol as it will definitely and possibly permanently damage his/her liver.
I have experienced no side effects.
Painfull muscles, problems with seeing at night
No side effects of any kind were noted or apparent from the use of this product. I have used bioidentical estrogen hormone Divigel for 2 years plus and plan to continue.
Have stopped using it and have also learned that it should only be used 3 months at a time.
